CHAPTER I 

In the late summer of that year we lived in a house 
in a village that looked across the river and the plain to 
the mountains. In the bed of the river there were peb- 
bles and boulders, dry and white in the sun, and the 
water was clear and swiftly moving and blue in the 
channels. Troops went by the house and down the road 
and the dust they raised powdered the leaves of the 
trees. The trunks of the trees too were dusty and the 
leaves fell early that year and we saw the troops march- 
ing along the road and the dust rising and leaves, stirred 
by the breeze, falling and the soldiers marching and 
afterward the road bare and white except for the leaves. 

The plain was rich with crops; there were many 
orchards of fruit trees and beyond the plain the moun- 
tains were brown and bare. There was fighting in the 
mountains and at night we could see the flashes from 
the artillery. In the dark it was like summer lightning, 
but the nights were cool and there was not the feeling 
of a storm coming. 

Sometimes in the dark we heard the troops marching 
under the window and guns going past pulled by motor- 
tractors. There was much traffic at night and many 
mules on the roads with boxes of ammunition on each 
side of their pack-saddles and gray motor-trucks that 
carried men, and other trucks with loads covered with 
canvas that moved slower in the traffic. There were big 
guns too that passed in the day drawn by tractors, the 
long barrels of the guns covered with green branches 
and green leafy branches and vines laid over the trac- 
tors. To the north we could look across a valley and see 

3 



4 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

a forest of chestnut trees and behind it another moun- 
tain on this side of the river. There was fighting for 
that mountain too, but it was not successful, and in the 
fall when the rains came the leaves all fell from the 
chestnut trees and the branches were bare and the trunks 
black with rain. The vineyards were thin and bare- 
branched too and all the country wet and brown and 
dead with the autumn. There were mists over the river 
and clouds on the mountain and the trucks splashed 
mud on the road and the troops were muddy and wet 
in their capes; their rifles were wet and under their 
capes the two leather cartridge-boxes on the front of 
the belts, gray leather boxes heavy with the packs of 
clips of thin, long 6.5 mm. cartridges, bulged forward 
under the capes so that the men, passing on the road, 
marched as though they were six months gone with 
child. 

There were small gray motor-cars that passed going 
very fast ; usually there was an officer on the seat with 
the driver and more officers in the back seat. They 
splashed more mud than the camions even and if one of 
the officers in the back was very small and sitting be- 
tween two generals, he himself so small that you could 
not see his face but only the top of his cap and his nar- 
row back, and if the car went especially fast it was 
probably the King. He lived in Udine and came out in 
this way nearly every day to see how things were going, 
and things went very badly. 

At the start of the winter came the permanent rain 
and with the rain came the cholera. But it was checked 
and in the end only seven thousand died of it in the 
army, 



CHAPTER II 

The next year there were many victories. The 
mountain that was beyond the valley and the hillside 
where the chestnut forest grew was captured and there 
were victories beyond the plain on the plateau to the 
south and we crossed the river in August and lived in a 
house in Gorizia that had a fountain and many thick 
shady trees in a walled garden and a wistaria vine 
purple on the side of the house. Now the fighting was 
in the next mountains beyond and was not a mile away. 
The town was very nice and our house was very fine. 
The river ran behind us and the town had been cap- 
tured very handsomely but the mountains beyond it 
could not be taken and I was very glad the Austrians 
seemed to want to come back to the town some time, if 
the war should end, because they did not bombard it to 
destroy it but only a little in a military way. People 
lived on in it and there were hospitals and cafes and 
artillery up side streets and two bawdy houses, one for 
troops and one for officers, and with the end of the 
summer, the cool nights, the fighting in the mountains 
beyond the town, the shell-marked iron of the railway 
bridge, the smashed tunnel by the river where the fight- 
ing had been, the trees around the square and the long 
avenue of trees that led to the square; these with there 
being girls in the town, the King passing in his motor 
car, sometimes now seeing his face and little long 
necked body and gray beard like a goat's chin tuft ; all 
these with the sudden interiors of houses that had lost a 
wall through shelling, with plaster and rubble in their 
gardens and sometimes in the street, and the whole thing 

s 



6 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

I 
i 

going well on the Carso made the fall very different 
from the last fall when we had been in the country. 
The war was changed too. 

The forest of oak trees on the mountain beyond the 
town was gone. The forest had been green in the 
summer when we had come into the town but now there 
were the stumps and the broken trunks and the ground 
torn up, and one day at the end of the fall when I was 
out where the oak forest had been I saw a cloud com- 
ing over the mountain. It came very fast and the sun 
went a dull yellow and then everything was gray and 
the sky was covered and the cloud came on down the 
mountain and suddenly we were in it and it was snow. 
The snow slanted across the wind, the bare ground was 
covered, the stumps of trees projected, there was snow 
on the guns and there were paths in the snow going 
back to the latrines behind trenches. 

Later, below in the town, I watched the snow falling, 
looking out of the window of the bawdy house, the 
house for officers, where I sat with a friend and two 
glasses drinking a bottle of Asti, and, looking out at the 
snow falling slowly and heavily, we knew it was all 
over for that year. Up the river the mountains had not 
been taken ; none of the mountains beyond the river had 
been taken. That was all left for next year. My friend 
saw the priest from our mess going by in the street, 
walking carefully in the slush, and pounded on the win- 
dow to attract his attention. The priest looked up. He 
saw us and smiled. My friend motioned for him to 
come in. The priest shook his head and went on. That 
night in the mess after the spaghetti course, which 
every one ate very quickly and seriously, lifting the 
spaghetti on the fork until the loose strands hung clear 
then lowering it into the mouth, or else using a con- 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 7 

tinuous lift and sucking into the mouth, helping our- 
selves to wine from the grass-covered gallon flask; it 
swung in a metal cradle and you pulled the neck of the 
flask down with the forefinger and the wine, c]g ar red, 
tannic and lovely, poured out into the glass held with 
the same hand; after this course, the captain com- 
menced picking on the priest. 

The priest was young and blushed easily and wore a 
uniform like the rest of us but with a cross in dark 
red velvet above the left breast pocket of his gray 
tunic. The captain spoke pidgin Italian for my doubt- 
ful benefit, in order that I might understand perfectly, 
that nothing should be lost. 

"Priest to-day with girls," the captain said looking at 
the priest and at me. The priest smiled and blushed and 
shook his head. This captain baited him often. 

"Not true?" asked the captain. "To-day I see priest 
with girls." 

"No," said the priest. The other officers were 
amused at the baiting. 

"Priest not with girls," went on the captain. "Priest 
never with girls," he explained to me. He took my 
glass and filled it, looking at my eyes all the time, but 
not losing sight of the priest. 

"Priest every night five against one." Every one at 
the table laughed. "You understand ? Priest every night 
five against one." He made a gesture and laughed 
loudly. The priest accepted it as a joke. 

"The Pope wants the Austrians to win the war," the 
major said. "He loves Franz Joseph. That's where 
the money comes from. I am an atheist." 

"Did you ever read the 'Black Pig' ?" asked the lieu- 
tenant. "I will get you a copy. It was that which 
shook my faith." 



8 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

"It is a filthy and vile book/' said the priest. "You 
do not really like it" 

"It is very valuable/' said the lieutenant. "It tells you 
about those priests. You will like it," he said to me. I 
smiled at the priest and he smiled back across the candle- 
light. "Don't you read it," he said. 

"I will get it for you," said the lieutenant. 

"All thinking men are atheists/' the major said. "I 
do not believe in the Free Masons however." 

"I believe in the Free Masons," the lieutenant said. 
"It is a noble organization." Some one came in and 
as the door opened I could see the snow falling. 

"There will be no more offensive now that the snow 
has come," I said. 

"Certainly not," said the major. "You should go on 
leave. You should go to Rome, Naples, Sicily " 

"He should visit Amalfi," said the lieutenant "I 
will write you cards to my family in Amalfi. They will 
love you like a son." 

"He should go to Palermo." 

"He ought to go to Capri." 

"I would like you to see Abruzzi and visit my family 
at Capracotta," said the priest. 

"Listen to him talk about the Abruzzi. There's more 
snow there than here. He doesn't want to see peasants. 
Let him go to centres of culture and civilization." 

"He should have fine girls. I will give you the ad- 
dresses of places in Naples. Beautiful young girls — ac- 
companied by their mothers. Ha ! Ha ! Ha !" The cap- 
tain spread his hand open, the thumb up and fingers 
outspread as when you make shadow pictures. There 
was a shadow from his hand on the wall He spoke 
again in pidgin Italian. "You go away like this," he 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 9 

pointed to the thumb, "and come back like this," he 
touched the little finger. Every one laughed. 

"Look," said the captain. He spread the hand again. 
Again the candle-light made its shadows on the wall. 
He started with the upright thumb and named in their 
order the thumb and four fingers, "soto-tenente (the 
thumb), tenente (first finger), capitano (next finger), 
maggiore (next to the little finger), and tenente-colo- 
nello (the little finger). You go away soto-tenente! 
You come back soto-colonello !" They all laughed. The 
captain was having a great success with finger games. 
He looked at the priest and shouted, "Every night 
priest five against one !" They all laughed again. 

"You must go on leave at once," the major said. 

"I would like to go with you and show you things," 
the lieutenant said. 

"When you come back bring a phonograph." 

"Bring good opera disks." 

"Bring Caruso." 

"Don't bring Caruso. He bellows." 

"Don't you wish you could bellow like him?" 

"He bellows. I say he bellows !" 

"I would like you to go to Abruzzi," the priest said. 
The others were shouting. "There is good hunting. 
You would like the people and though it is cold it is 
clear and dry. You could stay with my family. My 
father is a famous hunter." 

"Come on," said the captain. "We go whorehouse be- 
fore it shuts." 

"Good night," I said to the priest. 

"Good night," he said. 



CHAPTER III 

When I came back to the front we still lived in that 
town. There were many more guns in the country 
around and the spring had come. The fields were green 
and there were small green shoots on the vines, the trees 
along the road had small leaves and a breeze came from 
the sea. I saw the town with the hill and the old castle 
above it in a cup in the hills with the mountains beyond, 
brown mountains with a little green on their slopes. In 
the town there were more guns, there were some new 
hospitals, you met British men and sometimes women, 
on the street, and a few more houses had been hit by 
shell fire. It was warm and like the spring and I 
walked down the alleyway of trees, warmed from the 
sun on the wall, and found we still lived in the same 
house and that it all looked the same as when I had left 
it. The door was open, there was a soldier sitting on a 
bench outside in the sun, an ambulance was waiting by 
the side door and inside the door, as I went in, there 
was the smell of marble floors and hospital. It was all 
as I had left it except that now it was spring. I looked 
in the door of the big room and saw the major sitting 
at his desk, the window open and the sunlight coming 
into the room. He did not see me and I did not know 
whether to go in and report or go upstairs first and 
clean up. I decided to go on upstairs. 

The room I shared with the lieutenant Rinaldi looked 
out on the courtyard. The window was open, my bed 
was made up with blankets and my things hung on the 
wall, the gas mask in an oblong tin can, the steel helmet 
on the same peg. At the foot of the bed was my flat 

IO 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS u 

trunk, and my winter boots, the leather shiny with oil, 
were on the trunk. My Austrian sniper's rifle with its 
blued octagon barrel and the lovely dark walnut, cheek- 
fitted, schutzen stock, hung over the two beds. The 
telescope that fitted it was, I remembered, locked in the 
trunk. The lieutenant, Rinaldi, lay asleep on the other 
bed. He woke when he heard me in the room and sat 
up. 

"Ciaou!" he said. "What kind of time did you 
have?" 

"Magnificent." 

We shook hands and he put his arm around my neck 
and kissed me. 

"Oughf," I said. 

"You're dirty," he said. "You ought to wash. 
Where did you go and what did you do ? Tell me every- 
thing at once." 

"I went everywhere. Milan, Florence, Rome, Naples, 
Villa San Giovanni, Messina, Taormina " 

"You talk like a time-table. Did you have any beau- 
tiful adventures?" 

"Yes." 

"Where?" 

"Milano, Firenze, Roma, Napoli " 

"That's enough. Tell me really what was the best." 

"In Milano." 

"That was because it was first. Where did you meet 
her ? In the Cova ? Where did you go ? How did you 
feel? Tell me everything at once. Did you stay all 
night?" 

"Yes." 

"That's nothing. Here now we have beautiful girls. 
New girls never been to the front before." 

"Wonderful." 



12 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

"You don't believe me? We will go now this after- 
noon and see. And in the town we have beautiful 
English girls. I am now in love with Miss Barkley. 
I will take you to call. I will probably marry Miss 
Barkley." 

"I have to get washed and report. Doesn't anybody 
work now?" 

"Since you are gone we have nothing but frostbites, 
chilblains, jaundice, gonorrhea, self-inflicted wounds, 
pneumonia and hard and soft chancres. Every week 
some one gets wounded by rock fragments. There are 
a few real wounded. Next week the war starts again. 
Perhaps it starts again. They say so. Do you think I 
would do right to marry Miss Barkley — after the war 
of course?" 

"Absolutely," I said and poured the basin full of 
water. 

"To-night you will tell me everything," said Rinaldi. 
"Now I must go back to sleep to be fresh and beautiful 
for Miss Barkley." 

I took off my tunic and shirt and washed in the cold 
water in the basin. While I rubbed myself with a towel 
I looked around the room and out the window and at 
Rinaldi lying with his eyes closed on the bed. He was 
good-looking, was my age, and he came from Amalfi. 
He loved being a surgeon and we were great friends. 
While I was looking at him he opened his eyes. 

"Have you any money?" 

"Yes." 

"Loan me fifty lire." 

I dried my hands and took out my pocket-book from 
the inside of my tunic hanging on the wall. Rinaldi 
took the note, folded it without rising from the bed and 
slid it in his breeches pocket. He smiled, "I must make 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 13 

on Miss Barkley the impression of a man of sufficient 
wealth. You are my great and good friend and finan- 
cial protector." 

"Go to hell," I said. 

That night at the mess I sat next to the priest and he 
was disappointed and suddenly hurt that I had not gone 
to the Abruzzi. He had written to his father that I was 
coming and they had made preparations. I myself felt 
as badly as he did and could not understand why I had 
not gone. It was what I had wanted to do and I tried 
to explain how one thing had led to another and finally 
he saw it and understood that I had really wanted to go 
and it was almost all right. I had drunk much wine 
and afterward coffee and Strega and I explained, wine- 
fully, how we did not do the things we wanted to do ; 
we never did such things. 

We two were talking while the others argued. I had 
wanted to go to Abruzzi. I had gone to no place where 
the roads were frozen and hard as iron, where it was 
clear cold and dry and the snow was dry and powdery 
and hare-tracks in the snow and the peasants took off 
their hats and called you Lord and there was good hunt- 
ing. I had gone to no such place but to the smoke of 
cafes and nights when the room whirled and you needed 
to look at the wall to make it stop, nights in bed, drunk, 
when you knew that that was all there was, and the 
strange excitement of waking and not knowing who it 
was with you, and the world all unreal in the dark and 
so exciting that you must resume again unknowing and 
not caring in the night, sure that this was all and all 
and all and not caring. Suddenly to care very much 
and to sleep to wake with it sometimes morning and all 
that had been there gone and everything sharp and hard 
and clear and sometimes a dispute about the cost. 



i 4 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

Sometimes still pleasant and fond and warm and break- 
fast and lunch. Sometimes all niceness gone and glad 
to get out on the street but always another day starting 
and then another night. I tried to tell about the night 
and the difference between the night and the day and 
how the night was better unless the day was very clean 
and cold and I could not tell it ; as I cannot tell it now. 
But if you have had it you know. He had not had it 
but he understood that I had really wanted to go to the 
Abruzzi but had not gone and we were still friends, 
with many tastes alike, but with the difference between 
us. He had always known what I did not know and 
what, when I learned it, I was always able to forget. 
But I did not know that then, although I learned it later. 
In the meantime we were all at the mess, the meal was 
finished, and the argument went on. We two stopped 
talking and the captain shouted, "Priest not happy. 
Priest not happy without girls." 

"I am happy," said the priest. 

"Priest not happy. Priest wants Austrians to win 
the war," the captain said. The others listened. The 
priest shook his head. 

"No," he said. 

"Priest wants us never to attack. Don't you want us 
never to attack?" 

"No. If there is a war I suppose we must attack." 

"Must attack. Shall attack !" 

The priest nodded. 

"Leave him alone," the major said. "He's all right." 

"He can't do anything about it anyway," the captain 
said. We all got up and left the table. 



CHAPTER IV 

The battery in the next garden woke me in the 
morning and I saw the sun coming through the window 
and got out of the bed. I went to the window and 
looked out. The gravel paths were moist and the grass 
was wet with dew. The battery fired twice and the 
air came each time like a blow and shook the window 
and made the front of my pajamas flap. I could not see 
the guns but they were evidently firing directly over us. 
It was a nuisance to have them there but it was a com- 
fort that they were no bigger. As I looked out at the 
garden I heard a motor truck starting on the road. I 
dressed, went downstairs, had some coffee in the kitchen 
and went out to the garage. 

Ten cars were lined up side by side under the long 
shed. They were top-heavy, blunt-nosed ambulances, 
painted gray and built like moving-vans. The mechan- 
ics were working on one out in the yard. Three others 
were up in the mountains at dressing-stations. 

"Do they ever shell that battery?" I asked one of the 
mechanics. 

"No, Signor Tenente. It is protected by the little 
hill." 

"How's everything?" 

"Not so bad. This machine is no good but the others 
march." He stopped working and smiled. "Were you 
on permission?" 

"Yes." 

He wiped his hands on his jumper and grinned. 
"You have a good time?" The others all grinned too. 

15 



16 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

"Fine/ 1 I said. "What's the matter with this ma- 
chine ?" 

"It's no good. One thing after another." 

"What's the matter now?" 

"New rings." 

I left them working, the car looking disgraced and 
empty with the engine open and parts spread on the 
work bench, and went in under the shed and looked at 
each of the cars. They were moderately clean, a few 
freshly washed, the others dusty. I looked at the tires 
carefully, looking for cuts or stone bruises. Every- 
thing seemed in good condition. It evidently made no 
difference whether I was there to look after things or 
not. I had imagined that the condition of the cars, 
whether or not things were obtainable, the smooth func- 
tioning of the business of removing wounded and sick 
from the dressing stations, hauling them back from the 
mountains to the clearing station and then distributing 
them to the hospitals named on their papers, depended 
to a considerable extent on myself. Evidently it did 
not matter whether I was there or not. 

"Has there been any trouble getting parts?" I asked 
the sergeant mechanic. 

"No, Signor Tenente." 

"Where is the gasoKne park now?" 

"At the same place." 

"Good," I said and went back to the house and 
drank another bowl of coffee at the mess table. The 
coffee was a pale gray and sweet with condensed milk. 
Outside the window it was a lovely spring morning. 
There was that beginning of a feeling of dryness in the 
nose that meant the day would be hot later on. That 
day I visited the posts in the mountains and was back 
in town late in the afternoon. 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 17 

The whole thing seemed to run better while I was 
away. The offensive was going to start again I heard. 
The division for which we worked were to attack at a 
place up the river and the major told me that I would see 
about the posts for during the attack. The attack would 
cross the river up above the narrow gorge and spread 
up the hillside. The posts for the cars would have to 
be as near the river as they could get and keep covered. 
They would, of course, be selected by the infantry but 
we were supposed to work it out. It was one of those 
things that gave you a false feeling of soldiering. 

I was very dusty and dirty and went up to my room 
to wash. Rinaldi was sitting on the bed with a copy 
of Hugo's English grammar. He was dressed, wore 
his black boots, and his hair shone. 

"Splendid," he said when he saw me. "You will 
come with me to see Miss Barkley." 

"No." 

"Yes. You will please come and make me a good im- 
pression on her." 

"All right. Wait till I get cleaned up." 

"Wash up and come as you are." 

I washed, brushed my hair and we started. 

"Wait a minute," Rinaldi said. "Perhaps we should 
have a drink." He opened his trunk and took out a 
bottle. 

"Not Strega," I said. 

"No. Grappa." 

"All right." 

He poured two glasses and we touched them, first 
fingers extended. The grappa was very strong. 

"Another?" 

"All right," I said. We drank the second grappa, 
Rinaldi put away the bottle and we went down the 



18 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

stairs. It was hot walking through the town but the sun 
was starting to go down and it was very pleasant. The 
British hospital was a big villa built by Germans before 
the war. Miss Barkley was in the garden. Another 
nurse was with her. We saw their white uniforms 
through the trees and walked toward them. Rinaldi 
saluted. I saluted too but more moderately. 

"How do you do?" Miss Barkley said. " You' re not 
an Italian, are you ?" 

"Oh, no." 

Rinaldi was talking with the other nurse. They were 
laughing. 

"What an odd thing — to be in the Italian army." 

"It's not really the army. It's only the ambulance." 

"It's very odd though. Why did you do it?" 

"I don't know," I said. "There isn't always an ex- 
planation for everything." 

"Oh, isn't there? I was brought up to think there 
was." 

"That's awfully nice." 

"Do we have to go on and talk this way?" 

"No," I said. 

"That's a relief. Isn't it?" 

"What is the stick?" I asked. Miss Barkley was 
quite tall. She wore what seemed to me to be a nurse's 
uniform, was blonde and had a tawny skin and gray 
eyes. I thought she was very beautiful. She was carry- 
ing a thin rattan stick like a toy riding-crop, bound in 
leather. 

"It belonged to a boy who was killed last year." 

"I'm awfully sorry." 

"He was a very nice boy. He was going to marry 
me and he was killed in the Somme." 

"It was a ghastly show." 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 19 

"Were you there ?" 

"No." * 

"I've heard about it," she said. "There's not really 
any war of that sort down here. They sent me the little 
stick. His mother sent it to me. They returned it with 
his things." 

"Had you been engaged long?" 

"Eight years. We grew up together." 

"And why didn't you marry?" 

"I don't know," she said. "I was a fool not to. I 
could have given him that anyway. But I thought it 
would be bad for him." 
1 see. 

"Have you ever loved any one?" 

"No," I said 

We sat down on a bench and I looked at her. 

"You have beautiful hair," I said. 

"Do you like it?" 

"Very much." 

"I was going to cut it all off when he died." 

"No." 

"I wanted to do something for him. You see I 
didn't care about the other thing and he could have had 
it all. He could have had anything he wanted if I 
would have known. I would have married him or any- 
thing. I know all about it now. But then he wanted to 
go to war and I didn't know." 

I did not say anything. 

"I didn't know about anything then. I thought it 
would be worse for him. I thought perhaps he couldn't 
stand it and then of course he was killed and that was 
the end of it." 

"I don't know." 

"Oh, yes," she said. "That's the end of it." 



20 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

We looked at Rinaldi talking with the other nurse. 

"What is her name?" 

"Ferguson. Helen Ferguson. Your friend is a doc- 
tor, isn't he?" 

"Yes. He's very good." 

"That's splendid You rarely find any one any good 
this close to the front. This is close to the front, isn't 
it?" 

"Quite." 

"It's a silly front," she said. "But it's very beauti- 
ful. Are they going to have an offensive?" 

"Yes." 

"Then we'll have to work. There's no work now." 

"Have you done nursing long?" 

"Since the end of 'fifteen. I started when he did. I 
remember having a silly idea he might come to the 
hospital where I was. With a sabre cut, I suppose, and a 
bandage around his head. Or shot through the shoul- 
der. Something picturesque." 

"This is the picturesque front," I said. 

"Yes," she said. "People can't realize what France is 
like. If they did, it couldn't all go on. He didn't have 
a sabre cut. They blew him all to bits." 

I didn't say anything. 

"Do you suppose it will always go on?" 

"No." 

"What's to stop it?" 

"It will crack somewhere." 

"We'll crack. We'll crack in France. They can't go 
on doing things like the Somme and not crack." 

"They won't crack here," I said. 

"You think not?" 

"No. They did very well last summer." 

"They may crack," she said. "Anybody may crack." 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 21 

"The Germans too." 

"No," she said. "I think not." 

We went over toward Rinaldi and Miss Ferguson. 

"You love Italy?" Rinaldi asked Miss Ferguson in 
English. 

"Quite well." 

"No understand," Rinaldi shook his head. 

"Abbastanza bene," I translated. He shook his head. 

"That is not good. You love England?" 

"Not too well. I'm Scotch, you see." 

Rinaldi looked at me blankly. 

"She's Scotch, so she loves Scotland better than Eng- 
land," I said in Italian. 

"But Scotland is England." 

I translated this for Miss Ferguson. 

"Pas encore," said Miss Ferguson. 

"Not really?" 

"Never. We do not like the English." 

"Not like the English? Not like Miss Barkley?" 

"Oh, that's different. You mustn't take everything 
so literally." 

After a while we said good-night and left. Walking 
home Rinaldi said, "Miss Barkley prefers you to me. 
That is very clear. But the little Scotch one is very 
nice." 

"Very," I said. I had not noticed her. "You like 
her?" 

"No," said Rinaldi. 



CHAPTER V 

The next afternoon I went to call on Miss Barkley 
again. She was not in the garden and I went to the 
side door of the villa where the ambulances drove up. 
Inside I saw the head nurse, who said Miss Barkley was 
on duty — "there's a war on, you know." 

I said I knew. 

"You're the American in the Italian army?" she 
asked. 

"Yes, ma'am." 

"How did you happen to do that? Why didn't you 
join up with us ?" 

"I don't know," I said. "Could I join now?" 

"I'm afraid not now. Tell me. Why did you join up 
with the Italians?" 

"I was in Italy," I said, "and I spoke Italian." 

"Oh," she said. "I'm learning it It's a beautiful 
language." 

"Somebody said you should be able to learn it in two 
weeks." 

"Oh, I'll not learn it in two weeks. I've studied it for 
months now. You may come and see her after seven 
o'clock if you wish. She'll be off then. But don't 
bring a lot of Italians." 

"Not even for the beautiful language?" 

"No. Nor for the beautiful uniforms." 

"Good evening," I said. 

"A rivederci, Tenente." 

"A rivederla." I saluted and went out. It was im- 
possible to salute foreigners as an Italian, without em- 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 23 

barrassment The Italian salute never seemed made for 
export. 

The day had been hot. I had been up the river to the 
bridgehead at Plava. It was there that the offensive 
was to begin. It had been impossible to advance on the 
far side the year before because there was only one road 
leading down from the pass to the pontoon bridge and it 
was under machine-gun and shell fire for nearly a mile. 
It was not wide enough either to carry all the trans- 
port for an offensive and the Austrians could make a 
shambles out of it. But the Italians had crossed and 
spread out a little way on the far side to hold about a 
mile and a half on the Austrian side of the river. It 
was a nasty place and the Austrians should not have let 
them hold it. I suppose it was mutual tolerance because 
the Austrians still kept a bridgehead further down the 
river. The Austrian trenches were above on the hillside 
only a few yards from the Italian lines. There had been 
a little town but it was all rubble. There was what was 
left of a railway station and a smashed permanent 
bridge that could not be repaired and used because it 
was in plain sight. 

I went along the narrow road down toward the river, 
left the car at the dressing station under the hill, 
crossed the pontoon bridge, which was protected by 
a shoulder of the mountain, and went through the 
trenches in the smashed-down town and along the edge 
of the slope. Everybody was in the dugouts. There 
were racks of rockets standing to be touched oflf to call 
for help from the artillery or to signal with if the tele- 
phone "wires were cut. It was quiet, hot and dirty. I 
looked across the wire at the Austrian lines. Nobody 
was in sight. I had a drink with a captain that I knew 
in one of the dugouts and went back across the bridge. 



24 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

A new wide road was being finished that would go 
over the mountain and zig-zag down to the bridge. 
When this road was finished the offensive would start. 
It came down through the forest in sharp turns. The 
system was to bring everything down the new road and 
take the empty trucks, carts and loaded ambulances and 
all returning traffic up the old narrow road. The dress- 
ing station was on the Austrian side of the river under 
the edge of the hill and stretcher-bearers would bring 
the wounded back across the pontoon bridge. It would 
be the same when the offensive started. As far as I 
could make out the last mile or so of the new road 
where it started to level out would be able to be shelled 
steadily by the Austrians. It looked as though it might 
be a mess. But I found a place where the cars would 
be sheltered after they had passed that last bad-looking 
bit and could wait for the wounded to be brought across 
the pontoon bridge. I would have liked to drive over 
the new road but it was not yet finished. It looked wide 
and well made with a good grade and the turns looked 
very impressive where you could see them through 
openings in the forest on the mountain side. The cars 
would be all right with their good metal-to-metal 
brakes and anyway, coming down, they would not be 
loaded. I drove back up the narrow road. 

Two carabinieri held the car up. A shell had fallen 
and while we waited three others fell up the road. They 
were seventy-sevens and came with a whishing rush 
of air, a hard bright burst and flash and then gray smoke 
that blew across the road. The carabinieri waved us to 
go on. Passing where the shells had landed I avoided 
the small broken places and smelled the high explosive 
and the smell of blasted clay and stone and freshly 
shattered flint. I drove back to Gorizia and our villa 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 25 

and, as I said, went to call on Miss Barkley, who was on 
duty. 

At dinner I ate very quickly and left for the villa 
where the British had their hospital. It was really very 
large and beautiful and there were fine trees in the 
grounds. Miss Barkley was sitting on a bench in the 
garden. Miss Ferguson was with her. They seemed 
glad to see me and in a little while Miss Ferguson 
excused herself and went away. 

"I'll leave you two," she said. "You get along very 
well without me." 

"Don't go, Helen," Miss Barkley said. 

*Td really rather. I must write some letters." 

"Good-night," I said. 

"Good-night, Mr. Henry." 

"Don't write anything that will bother the censor." 

"Don't worry. I only write about what a beautiful 
place we live in and how brave the Italians are." 

"That way you'll be decorated." 

"That will be nice. Good-night, Catherine." 

"I'll see you in a little while," Miss Barkley said. 
Miss Ferguson walked away in the dark. 

"She's nice," I said. 

"Oh, yes, she's very nice. She's a nurse." 

"Aren't you a nurse?" 

"Oh, no. I'm something called a V. A. D. We work 
very hard but no one trusts us." 

"Why not?" 

"They don't trust us when there's nothing going 
on. When there is really work they trust us." 

"What is the difference?" 

"A nurse is like a doctor. It takes a long time to 
be. A V. A. D. is a short cut." 

"I see." 



26 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

"The Italians didn't want women so near the front. 
So we're all on very special behavior. We don't go 
out." 

"I can come here though." 

"Oh, yes. We're not cloistered." 

"Let's drop the war." 

"It's very hard. There's no place to drop it." 

"Let's drop it anyway." 

"All right." 

We looked at each other in the dark. I thought she 
was very beautiful and I took her hand. She let me 
take it and I held it and put my arm around under her 
arm. 

"No," she said. I kept my arm where it was. 

"Why not?" 

"No." 

"Yes," I said. "Please." I leaned forward in the 
dark to kiss her and there was a sharp stinging flash. 
She had slapped my face hard. Her hand had hit my 
nose and eyes, and tears came in my eyes from the 
reflex. 

"I'm so sorry," she said. I felt I had a certain ad- 
vantage. 

"You were quite right." 

"I'm dreadfully sorry," she said. "I just couldn't 
stand the nurse' s-evening-off aspect of it. I didn't mean 
to hurt you. I did hurt you, didn't I ?" 

She was looking at me in the dark. I was angry and 
yet certain, seeing it all ahead like the moves in a chess 
game. 

"You did exactly right," I said. "I don't mind at 
all." 

"Poor man." 

"You see I've been leading a sort of a funny life. 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 27 

And I never even talk English. And then you are so 
very beautiful/' I looked at her. 

"You don't need to say a lot of nonsense. I said I 
was sorry. We do get along." 

"Yes/' I said. "And we have gotten away from the 
war." 

She laughed. It was the first time I had ever heard 
her laugh. I watched her face. 

"You are sweet," she said. 

"No, I'm not." 

"Yes. You are a dear. I'd be glad to kiss you if 
you don't mind." 

I looked in her eyes and put my arm around her as I 
had before and kissed her. I kissed her hard and held 
her tight and tried to open her lips; they were closed 
tight. I was still angry and as I held her suddenly she 
shivered. I held her close against me and could fed 
her heart beating and her lips opened and her head 
went back against my hand and then she was crying 
on my shoulder. 

"Oh, darling," she said. "You will be good to me, 
won't you?" 

What the hell, I thought. I stroked her hair and 
patted her shoulder. She was crying. 

"You will, won't you?" She looked up at me. "Be- 
cause we're going to have a strange life." 

After a while I walked with her to the door of the 
villa and she went in and I walked home. Back at the 
villa I went upstairs to the room. Rinaldi was lying 
on his bed. He looked at me. 

"So you make progress with Miss Barkley?" 

"We are friends." 

"You have that pleasant air of a dog in heat." 

I did not understand the word. 



28 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

"Of a what?" 

He explained. 

"You," I said, "have that pleasant air of a dog 
who—" 

"Stop it," he said. "In a little while we would say 
insulting things." He laughed. 

"Good-night," I said. 

"Good-night, little puppy." 

I knocked over his candle with the pillow and got 
into bed in the dark. 

Rinaldi picked up the candle, lit it and went on 
reading. 



CHAPTER VI 

I was away for two days at the posts. When I got 
home it was too late and I did not see Miss Barkley 
until the next evening. She was not in the garden and 
I had to wait in the office of the hospital until she came 
down. There were many marble busts on painted 
wooden pillars along the walls of the room they used 
for an office. The hall too, that the office opened on, 
was lined with them. They had the complete marble 
quality of all looking alike. Sculpture had always 
seemed a dull business — still, bronzes looked like some- 
thing. But marble busts all looked like a cemetery. 
There was one fine cemetery though — the one at Pisa. 
Genoa was the place to see the bad marbles. This had 
been the villa of a very wealthy German and the busts 
must have cost him plenty. I wondered who had done 
them and how much he got. I tried to make out 
whether they were members of the family or what; but 
they were all uniformly classical. You could not tell 
anything about them. 

I sat on a chair and held my cap. We were supposed 
to wear steel helmets even in Gorizia but they were un- 
comfortable and too bloody theatrical in a town where 
the civilian inhabitants had not been evacuated. I wore 
one when we went up to the posts and carried an Eng- 
lish gas mask. We were just beginning to get some of 
them. They were a real mask. Also we were required 
to wear an automatic pistol ; even doctors and sanitary 
officers. I felt it against the back of the chair. You 



3o A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

were liable to arrest if you did not have one worn in 
plain sight. Rinaldi carried a holster stuffed with toilet 
paper. I wore a real one and felt like a gunman until 
I practised firing it. It was an Astra 7.65 caliber with 
a short barrel and it jumped so sharply when you let it 
off that there was no question of hitting anything. I 
practised with it, holding below the target and trying to 
master the jerk of the ridiculous short barrel until I 
could hit within a yard of where I aimed at twenty 
paces and then the ridiculousness of carrying a pistol 
at all came over me and I soon forgot it and carried it 
flopping against the small of my back with no feeling at 
all except a vague sort of shame when I met English- 
speaking people. I sat now in the chair and an orderly 
of some sort looked at me disapprovingly from behind 
a desk while I looked at the marble floor, the pillars 
with the marble busts, and the frescoes on the wall 
and waited for Miss Barkley. The frescoes were not 
bad. Any frescoes were good when they started to peel 
and flake off. 

I saw Catherine Barkley coming down the hall, and 
stood up. She did not seem tall walking toward me but 
she looked very lovely. 

"Good-evening, Mr. Henry," she said. 

"How do you do?" I said. The orderly was listening 
behind the desk. 

"Shall we sit here or go out in the garden?" 

"Let's go out. It's much cooler." 

I walked behind her out into the garden, the orderly 
looking after us. When we were out on the gravel drive 
she said, "Where have you been?" 

"I've been out on post." 

"You couldn't have sent me a note?" 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 31 

"No/* I said. "Not very well. I thought I was com- 
ing back." 

"You ought to have let me know, darling.' f 

We were off the driveway, walking under the trees. 
I took her hands, then stopped and kissed her. 

"Isn't there anywhere we can go?" 

"No," she said. "We have to just walk here. You've 
been away a long time." 

"This is the third day. But I'm back now." 

She looked at me, "And you do love me ?" 

"Yes." 

"You did say you loved me, didn't you?" 

"Yes," I lied. "I love you." I had not said it 
before. 

"And you call me Catherine ?" 

"Catherine." We walked on a way and were stopped 
under a tree. 

"Say, T've come back to Catherine in the night.' " 

"I've come back to Catherine in the night." 

"Oh, darling, you have come back, haven't you?" 

"Yes." 

"I love you so and it's been awful. You won't go 
away?" 

"No. I'll always come back." 

"Oh, I love you so. Please put your hand there 
again." 

"It's not been away." I turned her so I could see her 
face when I kissed her and I saw that her eyes were 
shut. I kissed both her shut eyes. I thought she was 
probably a little crazy. It was all right if she was. I 
did not care what I was getting into. This was better 
than going every evening to the house for officers where 
the girls climbed all over you and put your cap on back- 



32 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

ward as a sign of affection between their trips upstairs 
with brother officers. I knew I did not love Catherine 
Barkley nor had any idea of loving her. This was a 
game, like bridge, in which you said things instead of 
playing cards. Like bridge you had to pretend you 
were playing for money or playing for some stakes. 
Nobody had mentioned what the stakes were. It was 
all right with me. 

"I wish there was some place we could go," I said. 
I was experiencing the masculine difficulty of making 
love very long standing up. 

"There isn't any place," she said. She came back 
from wherever she had been. 

"We might sit there just for a little while." 

We sat on the flat stone bench and I held Catherine 
Barkley's hand. She would not let me put my arm 
around her. 

"Are you very tired?" she asked. 

"No." 

She looked down at the grass. 

"This is a rotten game we play, isn't it?" 

"What game?" 

"Don't be dull." 

"I'm not, on purpose." 

"You're a nice boy," she said. "And you play it as 
well as you know how. But it's a rotten game." 

"Do you always know what people think?" 

"Not always. But I do with you. You don't have to 
pretend you love me. That's over for the evening. Is 
there anything you'd like to talk about?" 

"But I do love you." 

"Please let's not lie when we don't have to. I had 
a very fine little show and I'm all right now. You see 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 33 

I'm not mad and I'm not gone off. It's only a little 
sometimes." 

I pressed her hand, "Dear Catherine." 

"It sounds very funny now — Catherine. You don't 
pronounce it very much alike. But you're very nice. 
You're a very good boy." 

"That's what the priest said." 

"Yes, you're very good. And you will come and see 
me?" 

"Of course." 

"And you don't have to say you love me. That's all 
over for a while." She stood up and put out her hand. 
"Good-night." 

I wanted to kiss her. 

"No," she said. "I'm awfully tired." 

"Kiss me, though," I said. 

"I'm awfully tired, darling." 

"Kiss me." 

"Do you want to very much?" 

"Yes." 

We kissed and she broke away suddenly. "No. 
Good-night, please, darling." We walked to the door 
and I saw her go in and down the hall. I liked to watch 
her move. She went on down the hall. I went on 
home. It was a hot night and there was a good deal 
going on up in the mountains. I watched the flashes 
on San Gabriele. 

I stopped in front of the Villa Rossa. The shutters 
were up but it was still going on inside. Somebody was 
singing. I went on home. Rinaldi came in while I was 
undressing. 

"Ah, ha!" he said. "It does not go so well. Baby 
is puzzled." 

"Where have you been?" 



34 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

"At the Villa Rossa. It was very edifying, baby. 
We all sang. Where have you been?" 

"Calling on the British." 

"Thank God I did not become involved with the 
British." 



CHAPTER VII 

I came back the next afternoon from our first moun- 
tain post and stopped the car at the smistimento where 
the wounded and sick were sorted by their papers and 
the papers marked for the different hospitals. I had 
been driving and I sat in the car and the driver took the 
papers in. It was a hot day and the sky was very bright 
and blue and the road was white and dusty. I sat in the 
high seat of the Fiat and thought about nothing. A 
regiment went by in the road and I watched them pass. 
The men were hot and sweating. Some wore their steel 
helmets but most of them carried them slung from their 
packs. Most of the helmets were too big and came 
down almost over the ears of the men who wore them. 
The officers all wore helmets ; better-fitting helmets. It 
was half of the brigata Basilicata. I identified them by 
their red and white striped collar mark. There were 
stragglers going by long after the regiment had passed 
- — men who could not keep up with their platoons. They 
were sweaty, dusty and tired. Some looked pretty bad. 
A soldier came along after the last of the stragglers. 
He was walking with a limp. He stopped and sat down 
beside the road. I got down and went over. 

"What's the matter ?" 

He looked at me, then stood up. 

"I'm going on." 

"What's the trouble?" 

" the war." 

"What's wrong with your leg?" 

"It's not my leg. I got a rupture." 

35 



36 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

"Why don't you ride with the transport ?" I asked. 
"Why don't you go to the hospital?" 

"They won't let me. The lieutenant said I slipped the 
truss on purpose." 

"Let me feel it." 

"It's way out." 

"Which side is it on?" 

"Here." 

I felt it. 

"Cough," I said. 

"I'm afraid it will make it bigger. It's twice as big 
as it was this morning." 

"Sit down," I said. "As soon as I get the papers on 
these wounded I'll take you along the road and drop 
you with your medical officers." 

"He'll say I did it on purpose." 

"They can't do anything," I said. "It's not a wound. 
You've had it before, haven't you?" 

"But I lost the truss." 

"They'll send you to a hospital." 

"Can't I stay here, Tenente?" 

"No, I haven't any papers for you." 

The driver came out of the door with the papers for 
the wounded in the car. 

"Four for 105. Two for 132," he said. They were 
hospitals beyond the river. 

"You drive," I said. I helped the soldier with the 
rupture up on the seat with us. 

"You speak English?" he asked. 

"Sure." 

"How you like this goddam war?" 

"Rotten." 

"I say it's rotten. Jesus Christ, I say it's rotten." 

"Were you in the States?" 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 37 

"Sure. In Pittsburg. I knew you was an Ameri- 
can." 

"Don't I talk Italian good enough?" 

"I knew you was an American all right." 

"Another American," said the driver in Italian look- 
ing at the hernia man. 

"Listen, lootenant. Do you have to take me to that 
regiment?" 

"Yes." 

"Because the captain doctor knew I had this rupture. 
I threw away the goddam truss so it would get bad and 
I wouldn't have to go to the line again." 
I see. 

"Couldn't you take me no place else?" 

"If it was closer to the front I could take you to a 
first medical post. But back here you've got to have 
papers." 

"If I go back they'll make me get operated on and 
then they'll put me in the line all the time." 

I thought it over. 

"You wouldn't want to go in the line all the time, 
would you?" he asked. 

"No." 

"Jesus Christ, ain't this a goddam war?" 

"Listen," I said. "You get out and fall down by the 
road and get a bump on your head and I'll pick you up 
on our way back and take you to a hospital. We'll stop 
by the road here, Aldo." We stopped at the side of the 
road. I helped him down. 

"I'll be right here, lieutenant," he said. 

"So long," I said. We went on and passed the regi- 
ment about a mile ahead, then crossed the river, cloudy 
with snow-water and running fast through the spiles 
of the bridge, to ride along the road across the plain 



38 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

and deliver the wounded at the two hospitals. I drove 
coming back and went fast with the empty car to find 
the man from Pittsburg. First we passed the regiment, 
hotter and slower than ever : then the stragglers. Then 
we saw a horse ambulance stopped by the road. Two 
men were lifting the hernia man to put him in. They 
had come back for him. He shook his head at me. His 
helmet was off and his forehead was bleeding below the 
hair line. His nose was skinned and there was dust on 
the bloody patch and dust in his hair. 

"Look at the bump, lieutenant !" he shouted. "Noth- 
ing to do. They come back for me." 

When I got back to the villa it was five o'clock and I 
went out where we washed the cars, to take a shower. 
Then I made out my report in my room, sitting in my 
trousers and an undershirt in front of the open win- 
dow. In two days the offensive was to start and I 
would go with the cars to Plava. It was a long time 
since I had written to the States and I knew I should 
write but I had let it go so long that it was almost im- 
possible to write now. There was nothing to write 
about. I sent a couple of army Zona di Guerra post- 
cards, crossing out everything except, I am well. That 
should handle them. Those post-cards would be very 
fine in America; strange and mysterious. This was a 
strange and mysterious war zone but I supposed it was 
quite well run and grim compared to other wars with 
the Austrians. The Austrian army was created to give 
Napoleon victories ; any Napoleon. I wished we had a 
Napoleon, but instead we had II Generale Cadorna, 
fat and prosperous, and Vittorio Emmanuele, the tiny 
man with the long thin neck and the goat beard. Over 
on the right they had the Duke of Aosta. Maybe he 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 39 

was too good-looking to be a great general but he looked 
like a man. Lots of them would have liked him to be 
king. He looked like a king. He was the King's uncle 
and commanded the third army. We were in the second 
army. There were some British batteries up with the 
third army. I had met two gunners from that lot, in 
Milan. They were very nice and we had a big evening. 
They were big and shy and embarrassed and very ap- 
preciative together of anything that happened. I wish 
that I was with the British. It would have been much 
simpler. Still I would probably have been killed. Not 
in this ambulance business. Yes, even in the ambulance 
business. British ambulance drivers were killed some- 
times. Well, I knew I would not be killed. Not in this 
war. It did not have anything to do with me. It 
seemed no more dangerous to me myself than war 
in the movies. I wished to God it was over though. 
Maybe it would finish this summer. Maybe the Aus- 
trians would crack. They had always cracked in other 
wars. What was the matter with this war? Every- 
body said the French were through. Rinaldi said that 
the French had mutinied and troops marched on Paris. 
I asked him what happened and he said, "Oh, they 
stopped them." I wanted to go to Austria without war. 
I wanted to go to the Black Forest. I wanted to go to 
the Hartz Mountains. Where were the Hartz Moun- 
tains anyway? They were fighting in the Carpathians. 
I did not want to go there anyway. It might be good 
though. I could go to Spain if there was no war. The 
sun was going down and the day was cooling off. After 
supper I would go and see Catherine Barkley. I wished 
she were here now. I wished I were in Milan with her. 
I would like to eat at the Cova and then walk down the 
Via Manzoni in the hot evening and cross over and 



4 o A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

turn off along the canal and go to the hotel with Cath- 
erine Barkley. Maybe she would. Maybe she would 
pretend that I was her boy that was killed and we would 
go in the front door and the porter would take off his 
cap and I would stop at the concierge's desk and ask 
for the key and she would stand by the elevator and then 
we would get in the elevator and it would go up very 
slowly clicking at all the floors and then our floor and 
the boy would open the door and stand there and she 
would step out and I would step out and we would walk 
down the hall and I would put the key in the door and 
open it and go in and then take down the telephone and 
ask them to send a bottle of capri bianca in a silver 
bucket full of ice and you would hear the ice against 
the pail coming down the corridor and the boy would 
knock and I would say leave it outside the door please. 
Because we would not wear any clothes because it was 
so hot and the window open and the swallows flying 
over the roofs of the houses and when it was dark 
afterward and you went to the window very small bats 
hunting over the houses and close down over the trees 
and we would drink the capri and the door locked and 
it hot and only a sheet and the whole night and we 
would both love each other all night in the hot night in 
Milan. That was how it ought to be. I would eat 
quickly and go and see Catherine Barkley. 

They talked too much at the mess and I drank wine 
because to-night we were not all brothers unless I drank 
a little and talked with the priest about Archbishop 
Ireland who was, it seemed, a noble man and with whose 
injustice, the injustices he had received and in which I 
participated as an American, and of which I had never 
heard, I feigned acquaintance. It would have been im- 
polite not to have known something of them when I had 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 4 i 

listened to such a splendid explanation of their causes 
which were, after all, it seemed, misunderstandings. I 
thought he had a fine name and he came from Minne- 
sota which made a lovely name : Ireland of Minnesota, 
Ireland of Wisconsin, Ireland of Michigan. What 
made it pretty was that it sounded like Island. No that 
wasn't it. There was more to it than that. Yes, father. 
That is true, father. Perhaps, father. No, father. 
Well, maybe yes, father. You know more about it than 
I do, father. The priest was good but dull. The officers 
were not good but dull. The King was good but dull. 
The wine was bad but not dull. It took the enamel off 
your teeth and left it on the roof of your mouth. 

"And the priest was locked up," Rocca said, "be- 
cause they found the three per cent bonds on his person. 
It was in France of course. Here they would never 
have arrested him. He denied all knowledge of the five 
per cent bonds. This took place at Beziers. I was there 
and reading of it in the paper, went to the jail and asked 
to see the priest. It was quite evident he had stolen the 
bonds." 

"I don't believe a word of this," Rinaldi said. 

"Just as you like," Rocca said. "But I am telling it 
for our priest here. It is very informative. He is a 
priest; he will appreciate it." 

The priest smiled. "Go on," he said. "I am listen- 
ing." 

"Of course some of the bonds were not accounted 
for but the priest had all of the three per cent bonds 
and several local obligations, I forget exactly what they 
were. So I went to the jail, now this is the point of the 
story, and I stood outside his cell and I said as though 
I were going to confession, 'Bless me, father, for you 
have sinned/ " 



42 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

There was great laughter from everybody. 

"And what did he say?" asked the priest. Rocca 
ignored this and went on to explain the joke to me. 
"You see the point, don't you?" It seemed it was a 
very funny joke if you understood it properly. They 
poured me more wine and I told the story about the 
English private soldier who was placed under the show- 
er bath. Then the major told the story of the eleven 
Czecho-slovaks and the Hungarian corporal. After 
some more wine I told the story of the jockey who 
found the penny. The major said there was an Italian 
story something like that about the duchess who could 
not sleep at night. At this point the priest left and I 
told the story about the travelling salesman who arrived 
at five o'clock in the morning at Marseilles when the 
mistral was blowing. The major said he had heard a 
report that I could drink. I denied this. He said it 
was true and by the corpse of Bacchus we would test 
whether it was true or not. Not Bacchus, I said. Not 
Bacchus. Yes, Bacchus, he said. I should drink cup 
for cup and glass for glass with Bassi, Fillipo Vin- 
cenza. Bassi said no that was no test because he had 
already drunk twice as much as I. I said that was a 
foul lie and, Bacchus or no Bacchus, Fillipo Vincenza 
Bassi or Bassi Fillippo Vicenza had never touched a 
drop all evening and what was his name anyway? He 
said was my name Frederico Enrico or Enrico Feder- 
ico ? I said let the best man win, Bacchus barred, and 
the major started us with red wine in mugs. Half-way 
through the wine I did not want any more. I remem- 
bered where I was going. 

"Bassi wins," I said. "He's a better man than I am. 
I have to go." 

"He does really," said Rinaldi. "He has a rendezvous. 
I know all about it." 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 43 

"I have to go." 

"Another night," said Bassi. "Another night when 
you feel stronger." He slapped me on the shoulder. 
There were lighted candles on the table. All the officers 
were very happy. "Good-night, gentlemen," I said. 

Rinaldi went out with me. We stood outside the 
door on the patch and he said, "You'd better not go up 
there drunk." 

"Fm not drunk, Rinin. Really." 

"You'd better chew some coffee." 

"Nonsense." 

"I'll get some, baby. You walk up and down." He 
came back with a handful of roasted coffee beans, 
"Chew those, baby, and God be with you." 

"Bacchus," I said. 

"I'll walk down with you." 

"I'm perfectly all right." 

We walked along together through the town and I 
chewed the coffee. At the gate of the driveway that 
led up to the British villa, Rinaldi said good-night. 

"Good-night," I said. "Why don't you come in?" 

He shook his head. "No," he said, "I like the sim- 
pler pleasures." 

"Thank you for the coffee beans." 

"Nothing, baby. Nothing." 

I started down the driveway. The outlines of the 
cypresses that lined it were sharp and clear. I looked 
back and saw Rinaldi standing watching me and waved 
to him. 

I sat in the reception hall of the villa, waiting for 
Catherine Barkley to come down. Some one was com- 
ing down the hall-way. I stood up, but it was not 
Catherine. It was Miss Ferguson. 

"Hello," she said. "Catherine asked me to tell you 
she was sorry she couldn't see you this evening." 



44 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

"I'm so sorry. I hope she's not ill." 

"She's not awfully well." 

"Will you tell her how sorry I am?" 

"Yes, I will." 

"Do you think it would be any good to try and see 
her to-morrow ?" 

"Yes, I do." 

"Thank you very much," I said. "Good-night." 

I went out the door and suddenly I felt lonely and 
empty. I had treated seeing Catherine very lightly, I 
had gotten somewhat drunk and had nearly forgotten 
to come but when I could not see her there I was feel- 
ing lonely and hollow. 



CHAPTER VIII 

The next afternoon we heard there was to be an at- 
tack up the river that night and that we were to take 
four cars there. Nobody knew anything about it al- 
though they all spoke with great positiveness and stra- 
tegical knowledge. I was riding in the first car and as 
we passed the entry to the British hospital I told the 
driver to stop. The other cars pulled up. I got out and 
told the driver to go on and that if we had not caught 
up to them at the junction of the road to Cormons to 
wait there. I hurried up the driveway and inside the 
reception hall I asked for Miss Barkley. 

"She's on duty." 

"Could I see her just for a moment ?" 

They sent an orderly to see and she came back with 
him. 

"I stopped to ask if you were better. They told me 
you were on duty, so I asked to see you." 

"I'm quite well," she said, "I think the heat knocked 
me over yesterday." 

"I have to go." 

"I'll just step out the door a minute." 

"And you're all right ?" I asked outside. 

"Yes, darling. Are you coming to-night?" 

"No. I'm leaving now for a show up above Plava." 

"A show?" 

"I don't think it's anything." 

"And you'll be back?" 

"To-morrow." 

She was unclasping something from her neck. She 

45 



46 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

put it in my hand. "It's a Saint Anthony," she said. 
"And come to-morrow night." 

"You're not a Catholic, are you?" 

"No. But they say a Saint Anthony's very useful." 

"I'll take care of him for you. Good-by." 

"No," she said, "not good-by." 

"All right." 

"Be a good boy and be careful. No, you can't kiss 
me here. You can't." 

"All right." 

I looked back and saw her standing on the steps. 
She waved and I kissed my hand and held it out. She 
waved again and then I was out of the driveway and 
climbing up into the seat of the ambulance and we 
started. The Saint Anthony was in a little white metal 
capsule. I opened the capsule and spilled him out into 
my hand. 

"Saint Anthony?" asked the driver. 

"Yes." 

"I have one." His right hand left the wheel and 
opened a button on his tunic and pulled it out from un- 
der his shirt. 

"See?" 

I put my Saint Anthony back in the capsule, spilled 
the thin gold chain together and put it all in my breast 
pocket. 

"You don't wear him ?" 

"No." 

"It's better to wear him. That's what it's for." 

"All right," I said. I undid the clasp of the gold 
chain and put it around my neck and clasped it. The 
saint hung down on the outside of my uniform and I 
undid the throat of my tunic, unbuttoned the shirt col- 
lar and dropped him in under the shirt. I felt him in 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 47 

his metal box against my chest while we drove. Then I 
forgot about him. After I was wounded I never found 
him. Some one probably got it at one of the dressing 
stations. 

We drove fast when we were over the bridge and 
soon we saw the dust of the other cars ahead down the 
road. The road curved and we saw the three cars look- 
ing quite small, the dust rising from the wheels and go- 
ing off through the trees. We caught them and passed 
them and turned off on a road that climbed up into the 
hills. Driving in convoy is not unpleasant if you are 
the first car and I settled back in the seat and watched 
the country. We were in the foot-hills on the near side 
of the river and as the road mounted there were the 
high mountains off to the north with snow still on the 
tops. I looked back and saw the three cars all climb- 
ing, spaced by the interval of their dust. We passed a 
long column of loaded mules, the drivers walking along 
beside the mules wearing red fezzes. They were ber- 
saglieri. 

Beyond the mule train the road was empty and we 
climbed through the hills and then went down over the 
shoulder of a long hill into a river-valley. There were 
trees along both sides of the road and through the right 
line of trees I saw the river, the water clear, fast and 
shallow. The river was low and there were stretches 
of sand and pebbles with a narrow channel of water 
and sometimes the water spread like a sheen over the 
pebbly bed. Close to the bank I saw deep pools, the 
water blue like the sky. I saw arched stone bridges 
over the river where tracks turned off from the road 
and we passed stone farmhouses with pear trees can- 
delabraed against their south walls and low stone walls 
in the fields. The road went up the valley a long way 



48 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

and then we turned off and commenced to climb into the 
hills again. The road climbed steeply going up and back 
and forth through chestnut woods to level finally along 
a ridge. I could look down through the woods and see, 
far below, with the sun on it, the line of the river that 
separated the two armies. We went along the rough 
new military road that followed the crest of the ridge 
and I looked to the north at the two ranges of moun- 
tains, green and dark to the snow-line and then white 
and lovely in the sun. Then, as the road mounted along 
the ridge, I saw a third range of mountains, higher 
snow mountains, that looked chalky white and fur- 
rowed, with strange planes, and then there were moun- 
tains far off beyond all these that you could hardly tell 
if you really saw. Those were all the Austrians* moun- 
tains and we had nothing like them. Ahead there was a 
rounded turn-off in the road to the right and looking 
down I could see the road dropping through the trees. 
There were troops on this road and motor trucks and 
mules with mountain guns and as we went down, keep- 
ing to the side, I could see the river far down below, 
the line of ties and rails running along it, the old bridge 
where the railway crossed to the other side and across, 
under a hill beyond the river, the broken houses of the 
little town that was to be taken. 

It was nearly dark when we came down and turned 
onto the main road that ran beside the river. 



CHAPTER IX 

The road was crowded and there were screens of 
corn-stalk and straw matting on both sides and matting 
over the top so that it was like the entrance at a circus 
or a native village. We drove slowly in this matting- 
covered tunnel and came out onto a bare cleared space 
where the railway station had been. The road here was 
below the level of the river bank and all along the side 
of the sunken road there were holes dug in the bank 
with infantry in them. The sun was going down and 
looking up along the bank as we drove I saw the Aus- 
trian observation balloons above the hills on the other 
side dark against the sunset. We parked the cars be- 
yond a brickyard. The ovens and some deep holes had 
been equipped as dressing stations. There were three 
doctors that I knew. I talked with the major and 
learned that when it should start and our cars should be 
loaded we would drive them back along the screened 
road and up to the main road along the ridge where 
there would be a post and other cars to clear them. 
He hoped the road would not jam. It was a one-road 
show. The road was screened because it was in sight of 
the Austrians across the river. Here at the brickyard 
we were sheltered from rifle or machine-gun fire by the 
river bank. There was one smashed bridge across the 
river. They were going to put over another bridge 
when the bombardment started and some troops were 
to cross at the shallows up above at the bend of the 
river. The major was a little man with upturned mus- 
taches. He had been in the war in Libya and wore two 
wound-stripes. He said that if the thing went well he 

49 



So A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

would see that I was decorated. I said I hoped it would 
go well but that he was too kind. I asked him if there 
was a big dugout where the drivers could stay and he 
sent a soldier to show me. I went with him and found 
the dugout, which was very good. The drivers were 
pleased with it and I left them there. The major asked 
me to have a drink with him and two other officers. We 
drank rum and it was very friendly. Outside it was get- 
ting dark. I asked what time the attack was to be and 
they said as soon as it was dark. I went back to the 
drivers. They were sitting in the dugout talking and 
when I came in they stopped. I gave them each a pack- 
age of cigarettes, Macedonias, loosely packed ciga- 
rettes that spilled tobacco and needed to have the ends 
twisted before you smoked them. Manera lit his lighter 
and passed it around. The lighter was shaped like a 
Fiat radiator. I told them what I had heard. 

"Why didn't we see the post when we came down?'' 
Passini asked. 

"It was just beyond where we turned off." 

"That road will be a dirty mess," Manera said. 

"They'll shell the out of us." 

"Probably." 

"What about eating, lieutenant? We won't get a 
chance to eat after this thing starts." 

"Fll go and see now," I said. 

"You want us to stay here or can we look around ?" 

"Better stay here." 

I went back to the major's dugout and he said the field 
kitchen would be along and the drivers could come and 
get their stew. He would loan them mess tins if they did 
not have them. I said I thought they had them. I went 
back and told the drivers I would get them as soon as the 
food came. Manera said he hoped it would come before 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 51 

the bombardment started. They were silent until I went 
out. They were all mechanics and hated the war. 

I went out to look at the cars and see what was going 
on and then came back and sat down in the dugout with 
the four drivers. We sat on the ground with our backs 
against the wall and smoked. Outside it was nearly dark. 
The earth of the dugout was warm and dry and I let my 
shoulders back against the wall, sitting on the small of 
my back, and relaxed. 

"Who goes to the attack ?" asked Gavuzzi. 

"Bersaglieri." 

"All bersaglieri?" 

"I think so." 

"There aren't enough troops here for a real attack." 

"It is probably to draw attention from where the real 
attack will be." 

"Do the men know that who attack?" 

"I don't think so." 

"Of course they don't," Manera said. "They wouldn't 
attack if they did." 

"Yes they would," Passini said. "Bersaglieri are 
fools." 

"They are brave and have good discipline," I said. 

"They are big through the chest by measurement, and 
healthy. But they are still fools." 

"The granatieri are tall," Manera said. This was a 
joke. They all laughed. 

"Were you there, Tenente, when they wouldn't at- 
tack and they shot every tenth man?" 

"No." 

"It is true. They lined them up afterward and took 
every tenth man. Carabinieri shot them." 

"Carabinieri," said Passini and spat on the floor. 



52 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

"But those grenadiers ; all over six feet. They wouldn't 
attack." 

"If everybody would not attack the war would be 
over," Manera said. 

"It wasn't that way with the granatieri. They were 
afraid. The officers all came from such good families." 

"Some of the officers went alone." 

"A sergeant shot two officers who would not get 
out." 

"Some troops went out" 

"Those that went out were not lined up when they 
took the tenth men." 

"One of those shot by the carabinieri is from my 
town," Passini said. "He was a big smart tall boy to be 
in the granatieri. Always in Rome. Always with the 
girls. Always with the carabinieri." He laughed. 
"Now they have a guard outside his house with a bayo- 
net and nobody can come to see his mother and father 
and sisters and his father loses his civil rights and can- 
not even vote. They are all without law to protect them. 
Anybody can take their property." 

"If it wasn't that that happens to their families no- 
body would go to the attack." 

"Yes. Alpini would. These V. E. soldiers would. 
Some bersaglieri." 

"Bersaglieri have run too. Now they try to forget 
it." 

"You should not let us talk this way, Tenente. Ev- 
viva 1'esercito," Passini said sarcastically. 

"I know how you talk," I said. "But as long as you 
drive the cars and behave " 

" — and don't talk so other officers can hear," Manera 
finished. 

"I believe we should get the war over," I said. "It 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 53 

would not finish it if one side stopped fighting. It 
would only be worse if we stopped fighting/' 

"It could not be worse," Passini said respectfully. 
"There is nothing worse than war." 

"Defeat is worse." 

"I do not believe it," Passini said still respectfully. 
"What is defeat? You go home." 

"They come after you. They take your home. They 
take your sisters." 

"I don't believe it," Passini said. "They can't do that 
to everybody. Let everybody defend his home. Let 
them keep their sisters in the house." 

"They hang you. They come and make you be a 
soldier again. Not in the auto-ambulance, in the in- 
fantry." 

"They can't hang every one." 

"An outside nation can't make you be a soldier," 
Manera said. "At the first battle you all run." 

"Like the Tchecos." 

"I think you do not know anything about being con- 
quered and so you think it is not bad." 

"Tenente," Passini said. "We understand you let us 
talk. Listen. There is nothing as bad as war. We in 
the auto-ambulance cannot even realize at all how bad 
it is. When people realize how bad it is they cannot do 
anything to stop it because they go crazy. There are 
some people who never realize. There are people who 
are afraid of their officers. It is with them that war is 
made." 

"I know it is bad but we must finish it." 

"It doesn't finish. There is no finish to a war." 

"Yes there is." 

Passini shook his head. 

"War is not won by victory. What if we take San 



54 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

Gabriele? What if we take the Carso and Monfalcone 
and Trieste? Where are we then? Did you see all the 
far mountains to-day? Do you think we could take all 
them too? Only if the Austrians stop fighting. One 
side must stop fighting. Why don't we stop fighting? 
If they come down into Italy they will get tired and 
go away. They have their own country. But no, in- 
stead there is a war." 

"You're an orator/' 

"We think. We read. We are not peasants. We are 
mechanics. But even the peasants know better than to 
believe in a war. Everybody hates this war." 

"There is a class that controls a country that is stupid 
and does not realize anything and never can. That is 
why we have this war." 

"Also they make money out of it." 

"Most of them don't," said Passini. "They are too 
stupid. They do it for nothing. For stupidity." 

"We must shut up," said Manera. "We talk too 
much even for the Tenente." 

"He likes it," said Passini. "We will convert him." 

"But now we will shut up," Manera said. 

"Do we eat yet, Tenente?" Gavuzzi asked. 

"I will go and see," I said. Gordini stood up and 
went outside with me. 

"Is there anything I can do, Tenente? Can I help in 
any way?" He was the quietest one of the four. 
"Come with me if you want," I said, "and we'll see." 

It was dark outside and the long light from the 
search-lights was moving over the mountains. There 
were big search-lights on that front mounted on cami- 
ons that you passed sometimes on the roads at night, 
close behind the lines, the camion stopped a little off the 
road, an officer directing the light and the crew scared. 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 55 

We crossed the brickyard, and stopped at the main 
dressing station. There was a little shelter of green 
branches outside over the entrance and in the dark the 
night wind rustled the leaves dried by the sun. Inside 
there was a light. The major was at the telephone sit- 
ting on a box. One of the medical captains said the at- 
tack had been put forward an hour. He offered me a 
glass of cognac. I looked at the board tables, the in- 
struments shining in the light, the basins and the stop- 
pered bottles. Gordini stood behind me. The major 
got up from the telephone. 

"It starts now," he said. "It has been put back 
again." 

I looked outside, it was dark and the Austrian search- 
lights were moving on the mountains behind us. It was 
quiet for a moment still, then from all the guns behind 
us the bombardment started. 

"Savoia," said the major. 

"About the soup, major," I said. He did not hear 
me. I repeated it. 

"It hasn't come up." 

A big shell came in and burst outside in the brick- 
yard. Another burst and in the noise you could hear 
the smaller noise of the brick and dirt raining down. 

"What is there to eat?" 

"We have a little pasta asciutta," the major said. 

"I'll take what you can give me." 

The major spoke to an orderly who went out of 
sight in the back and came back with a metal basin of 
cold cooked macaroni. I handed it to Gordini. 

"Have you any cheese?" 

The major spoke grudgingly to the orderly who 
ducked back into the hole again and came out with a 
quarter of a white cheese. 



56 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

"Thank you very much," I said. 

"You'd better not go out." 

Outside something was set down beside the entrance. 
One of the two men who had carried it looked in. 

"Bring him in," said the major. "What's the matter 
with you? Do you want us to come outside and get 
him?" 

The two stretcher-bearers picked up the man under 
the arms and by the legs and brought him in. 

"Slit the tunic," the major said. 

He held a forceps with some gauze in the end. The 
two captains took off their coats. "Get out of here," the 
major said to the two stretcher-bearers. 

"Come on," I said to Gordini. 

"You better wait until the shelling is over," the ma- 
jor said over his shoulder. 

"They want to eat," I said. 

"As you wish." 

Outside we ran across the brickyard. A shell burst 
short near the river bank. Then there was one that we 
did not hear coming until the sudden rush. We both 
went flat and with the flash and bump of the burst and 
the smell heard the singing off of the fragments and 
the rattle of falling brick. Gordini got up and ran for 
the dugout. I was after him, holding the cheese, its 
smooth surface covered with brick dust. Inside the 
dugout were the three drivers sitting against the wall, 
smoking. 

"Here, you patriots," I said. 

"How are the cars?" Manera asked. 

"All right." 

"Did they scare you, Tenente?" 

"You're damned right," I said. 

I took out my knife, opened it, wiped off the blade 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 57 

and pared off the dirty outside surface of the cheese. 
Gavuzzi handed me the basin of macaroni. 

"Start in to eat, Tenente." 

"No," I said. "Put it on the floor. We'll all eat." 

"There are no forks." 

"What the hell," I said in English. 

I cut the cheese into pieces and laid them on the 
macaroni. 

"Sit down to it," I said. They sat down and waited. 
I put thumb and fingers into the macaroni and lifted. 
A mass loosened. 

"Lift it high, Tenente." 

I lifted it to arm's length and the strands cleared. I 
lowered it into the mouth, sucked and snapped in the 
ends, and chewed, then took a bite of cheese, chewed, 
and then a drink of the wine. It tasted of rusty metal. 
I handed the canteen back to Passini. 

"It's rotten/' he said. "It's been in there too long. 
I had it in the car." 

They were all eating, holding their chins close over 
the basin, tipping their heads back, sucking in the ends. 
I took another mouthful and some cheese and a rinse of 
wine. Something landed outside that shook the earth. 

"Four hundred twenty or minnenwerfer," Gavuzzi 
said. 

"There aren't any four hundred twenties in the 
mountains," I said. 

"They have big Skoda guns. I've seen the holes." 

"Three hundred fives." 

We went on eating. There was a cough, a noise like 
a railway engine starting and then an explosion that 
shook the earth again. 

"This isn't a deep dugout," Passini said. 

"That was a big trench mortar." 



58 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

"Yes, sir." 

I ate the end of my piece of cheese and took a swal- 
low of wine. Through the other noise I heard a cough, 
then came the chuh-chuh-chuh-chuh — then there was a 
flash, as when a blast-furnace door is swung open, and 
a roar that started white and went red and on and on in 
a rushing wind. I tried to breathe but my breath would 
not come and I felt myself rush bodily out of myself 
and out and out and out and all the time bodily in the 
wind. I went out swiftly, all of myself, and I knew I 
was dead and that it had all been a mistake to think you 
just died. Then I floated, and instead of going on I felt 
myself slide back. I breathed and I was back. The 
ground was torn up and in front of my head there was 
a splintered beam of wood. In the jolt of my head I 
heard somebody crying. I thought somebody was 
screaming. I tried to move but I could not move. I 
heard the machine-guns and rifles firing across the river 
and all along the river. There was a great splashing and 
I saw the star-shells go up and burst and float whitely 
and rockets going up and heard the bombs, all this in a 
moment, and then I heard close to me some one saying 
"Mama Mia! Oh, mama Mia!" I pulled and twisted 
and got my legs loose finally and turned around and 
touched him. It was Passini and when I touched him 
he screamed. His legs were toward me and I saw in 
the dark and the light that they were both smashed 
above the knee. One leg was gone and the other was 
held by tendons and part of the trouser and the stump 
twitched and jerked as though it were not connected. 
He bit his arm and moaned, "Oh mama mia, mama 
Mia," then, "Dio te salve, Maria. Dio te salve, Maria. 
Oh Jesus shoot me Christ shoot me mama mia mama 
Mia oh purest lovely Mary shoot me. Stop it. Stop it. 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 59 

Stop it. Oh Jesus lovely Mary stop it. Oh oh oh oh," 
then choking, "Mama mama mia." Then he was quiet, 
biting his arm, the stump of his leg twitching. 

"Porta feriti I" I shouted holding my hands cupped. 
"Porta Feriti I" I tried to get closer to Passini to try 
to put a tourniquet on the legs but I could not move. I 
tried again and my legs moved a little. I could pull 
backward along with my arms and elbows. Passini 
was quiet now. I sat beside him, undid my tunic and 
tried to rip the tail of my shirt. It would not rip and 
I bit the edge of the cloth to start it. Then I thought of 
his puttees. I had on wool stockings but Passini wore 
puttees. All the drivers wore puttees but Passini had 
only one leg. I unwound the puttee and while I was 
doing it I saw there was no need to try and make a 
tourniquet because he was dead already. I made sure 
he was dead. There were three others to locate. I sat 
up straight and as I did so something inside my head 
moved like the weights on a doll's eyes and it hit me 
inside in back of my eyeballs. My legs felt warm and 
wet and my shoes were wet and warm inside. I knew 
that I was hit and leaned over and put my hand on my 
knee. My knee wasn't there. My hand went in and 
my knee was down on my shin. I wiped my hand on 
my shirt and another floating light came very slowly 
down and I looked at my leg and was very afraid. Oh, 
God, I said, get me out of here. I knew, however, that 
there had been three others. There were four drivers. 
Passini was dead. That left three. Some one took 
hold of me under the arms and somebody else lifted my 
legs. 

"There are three others," I said. "One is dead." 
"It's Manera. We went for a stretcher but there 
wasn't any. How are you, Tenente?" 



60 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

"Where is Gordini and Gavuzzi?" 

"Gordini's at the post getting bandaged. Gavuzzi 
has your legs. Hold on to my neck, Tenente. Are you 
badly hit?" 

"In the leg. How is Gordini?" 

"He's all right. It was a big trench mortar shell." 

"Passings dead." 

"Yes. He's dead." 

A shell fell close and they both dropped to the ground 
and dropped me. "I'm sorry, Tenente," said Manera. 
"Hang onto my neck." 

"If you drop me again." 

"It was because we were scared." 

"Are you unwounded?" 

"We are both wounded a little." 

"Can Gordini drive?" 

"I don't think so." 

They dropped me once more before we reached the 
post. 

"You sons of bitches," I said. 

"I am sorry, Tenente," Manera said. "We won't 
drop you again." 

Outside the post a great many of us lay on the 
ground in the dark. They carried wounded in and 
brought them out. I could see the light come out from 
the dressing station when the curtain opened and they 
brought some one in or out. The dead were off to one 
side. The doctors were working with their sleeves up 
to their shoulders and were red as butchers. There 
were not enough stretchers. Some of the wounded 
were noisy but most were quiet. The wind blew the 
leaves in the bower over the door of the dressing sta- 
tion and the night was getting cold. Stretcher-bearers 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 61 

came in all the time, put their stretchers down, un- 
loaded them and went away. As soon as I got to the 
dressing station Manera brought a medical sergeant 
out and he put bandages on both my legs. He said 
there was so much dirt blown into the wound that there 
had not been much hemorrhage. They would take me 
as soon as possible. He went back inside. Gordini 
could not drive, Manera said. His shoulder was 
smashed and his head was hurt. He had not felt bad 
but now the shoulder had stiffened. He was sitting up 
beside one of the brick walls. Manera and Gavuzzi 
each went off with a load of wounded. They could drive 
all right. The British had come with three ambulances 
and they had two men on each ambulance. One of their 
drivers came over to me, brought by Gordini who 
looked very white and sick. The Britisher leaned over. 

"Are you hit badly ?" he asked. He was a tall man 
and wore steel-rimmed spectacles. 

"In the legs. ,, 

"It's not serious I hope. Will you have a cigarette ?" 

"Thanks." 

"They tell me you've lost two drivers. ,, 

"Yes. One killed and the fellow that brought you." 

"What rotten luck. Would you like us to take the 
cars?" 

"That's what I wanted to ask you." 

"We'd take quite good care of them and return 
them to the Villa. 206 aren't you?" 

"Yes." 

"It's a charming place. I've seen you about. They 
tell me you're an American." 

"Yes." 

"I'm English." 



62 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

u Nor 

"Yes, English. Did you think I was Italian? There 
were some Italians with one of our units." 

"It would be fine if you would take the cars," I said. 

"We'll be most careful of them," he straightened up. 
"This chap of yours was very anxious for me to see 
you." He patted Gordini on the shoulder. Gordini 
winced and smiled. The Englishman broke into voluble 
and perfect Italian. "Now everything is arranged. I've 
seen your Tenente. We will take over the two cars. 
You won't worry now." He broke off, "I must do 
something about getting you out of here. I'll see the 
medical wallahs. We'll take you back with us." 

He walked across to the dressing station, stepping 
carefully among the wounded. I saw the blanket open, 
the light came out and he went in. 

"He will look after you, Tenente," Gordini said. 

"How are you, Franco?" 

"I am all right." He sat down beside me. In a 
moment the blanket in front of the dressing station 
opened and two stretcher-bearers came out followed by 
the tall Englishman. He brought them over to me. 

"Here is the American Tenente," he said in Italian. 

"I'd rather wait," I said. "There are much worse 
wounded than me. I'm all right." 

"Come come," he said. "Don't be a bloody hero." 
Then in Italian: "Lift him very carefully about the 
legs. His legs are very painful. He is the legitimate 
son of President Wilson." They picked me up and 
took me into the dressing room. Inside they were oper- 
ating on all the tables. The little major looked at us 
furious. He recognized me and waved a forceps. 

"Qavabien?" 

"Ca va." 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 63 

"I have brought him in," the tall Englishman said in 
Italian. "The only son of the American Ambassador. 
He can be here until you are ready to take him. Then I 
will take him with my first load." He bent over me. 
"I'll look up their adjutant to do your papers and it will 
all go much faster." He stooped to go under the door- 
way and went out. The major was unhooking the for- 
ceps now, dropping them in a basin. I followed his 
hands with my eyes. Now he was bandaging. Then 
the stretcher-bearers took the man off the table. 

"I'll take the American Tenente," one of the captains 
said. They lifted me onto the table. It was hard and 
slippery. There were many strong smells, chemical 
smells and the sweet smell of blood. They took off my 
trousers and the medical captain commenced dictating 
to the sergeant-adjutant while he worked, "Multiple 
superficial wounds of the left and right thigh and left 
and right knee and right foot. Profound wounds of 
right knee and foot. Lacerations of the scalp (he 
probed — Does that hurt? — Christ, yes!) with pos- 
sible fracture of the skull. Incurred in the line of duty. 
That's what keeps you from being court-martialled for 
self-inflicted wounds," he said. "Would you like a drink 
of brandy? How did you run into this thing anyway? 
What were you trying to do ? Commit suicide ? Anti- 
tetanus please, and mark a cross on both legs. Thank 
you. I'll clean this up a little, wash it out, and put on a 
dressing. Your blood coagulates beautifully." 

The adjutant, looking up from the paper, "What in- 
flicted the wounds ?" 

The medical captain, "What hit you ?" 
Me, with the eyes shut, "A trench mortar shell." 
The captain, doing things that hurt sharply and 
severing tissue — "Are you sure?" 



64 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

Me — trying to lie still and feeling my stomach flut- 
ter when the flesh was cut, "I think so." 

Captain doctor — (interested in something he was 
finding), "Fragments of enemy trench-mortar shell. 
Now I'll probe for some of this if you like but it's not 
necessary. Til paint all this and — Does that sting? 
Good, that's nothing to how it will feel later. The pain 
hasn't started yet. Bring him a glass of brandy. The 
shock dulls the pain ; but this is all right, you have noth- 
ing to worry about if it doesn't infect and it rarely 
does now. How is your head?" 

"Good Christ!" I said. 

"Better not drink too much brandy then. If you've 
got a fracture you don't want inflammation. How does 
that feel?" 

Sweat ran all over me. 

"Good Christ!" I said. 

"I guess you've got a fracture all right. I'll wrap 
you up and don't bounce your head around." He band- 
aged, his hands moving very fast and the bandage 
coming taut and sure. "All right, good luck and Vive 
la France." 

"He's an American," one of the other captains said. 

"I thought you said he was a Frenchman. He talks 
French," the captain said. "I've known him before. I 
always thought he was French." He drank a half 
tumbler of cognac. "Bring on something serious. Get 
some more of that Anti-tetanus." The captain waved to 
me. They lifted me and the blanket-flap went across 
my face as we went out. Outside the sergeant-adjutant 
knelt down beside me where I lay, "Name?" he asked 
softly. "Middle name? First name? Rank? Where 
born? What class? What corps?" and so on. "I'm 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 65 

sorry for your head, Tenente. I hope you feel better. 
I'm sending you now with the English ambulance.' ' 

"Frri all right," I said. 'Thank you very much." 
The pain that the major had spoken about had started 
and all that was happening was without interest or rela- 
tion. After a while the English ambulance came up 
and they put me onto a stretcher and lifted the stretcher 
up to the ambulance level and shoved it in. There was 
another stretcher by the side with a man on it whose 
nose I could see, waxy-looking, out of the bandages. 
He breathed very heavily. There were stretchers lifted 
and slid into the slings above. The tall English driver 
came around and looked in, "I'll take it very easily," he 
said. "I hope you'll be comfy." I felt the engine start, 
felt him climb up into the front seat, felt the brake 
come off and the clutch go in, then we started. I lay 
still and let the pain ride. 

As the ambulance climbed along the road, it was slow 
in the traffic, sometimes it stopped, sometimes it backed 
on a turn, then finally it climbed quite fast. I felt 
something dripping. At first it dropped slowly and reg- 
ularly, then it pattered into a stream. I shouted to the 
driver. He stopped the car and looked in through the 
hole behind his seat. 

"What is it?" 

"The man on the stretcher over me has a hemor- 
rhage." 

"We're not far from the top. I wouldn't be able to 
get the stretcher out alone." He started the car. The 
stream kept on. In the dark I could not see where it 
came from the canvas overhead. I tried to move side- 
ways so that it did not fall on me. Where it had run 
down under my shirt it was warm and sticky. I was 
cold and my leg hurt so that it made me sick. After a 



66 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

while the stream from the stretcher above lessened and 
started to drip again and I heard and felt the canvas 
above move as the man on the stretcher settled more 
comfortably. 

"How is he?" the Englishman called back. "We're 
almost up." 

"He's dead I think," I said. 

The drops fell very slowly, as they fall from an icicle 
after the sun has gone. It was cold in the car in the 
night as the road climbed. At the post on the top they 
took the stretcher out and put another in and we went 
on. 



CHAPTER X 

In the ward at the field hospital they told me a visitor 
was coming to see me in the afternoon. It was a hot 
day and there were many flies in the room. My orderly 
had cut paper into strips and tied the strips to a stick to 
make a brush that swished the flies away. I watched 
them settle on the ceiling. When he stopped swishing 
and fell asleep they came down and I blew them away 
and finally covered my face with my hands and slept 
too. It was very hot and when I woke my legs itched. 
I waked the orderly and he poured mineral water on the 
dressings. That made the bed damp and cool. Those of 
us that were awake talked across the ward. The after- 
noon was a quiet time. In the morning they came to 
each bed in turn, three men nurses and a doctor and 
picked you up out of bed and carried you into the 
dressing room so that the beds could be made while 
we were having our wounds dressed. It was not a 
pleasant trip to the dressing room and I did not know 
until later that beds could be made with men in them. 
My orderly had finished pouring water and the bed felt 
cool and lovely and I was telling him where to scratch 
on the soles of my feet against the itching when one 
of the doctors brought in Rinaldi. He came in very 
fast and bent down over the bed and kissed me. I saw 
he wore gloves. 

"How are you, baby? How do you feel? I bring 
you this — " It was a bottle of cognac. The orderly 
brought a chair and he sat down, "and good news. 
You will be decorated. They want to get you the 

67 



68 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

medaglia d'argento but perhaps they can get only the 
bronze." 

"What for?" 

"Because you are gravely wounded. They say if you 
can prove you did any heroic act you can get the silver. 
Otherwise it will be the bronze. Tell me exactly what 
happened. Did you do any heroic act?" 

"No," I said. "I was blown up while we were eating 
cheese." 

"Be serious. You must have done something heroic 
either before or after. Remember carefully." 

"I did not." 

"Didn't you carry anybody on your back? Gordini 
says you carried several people on your back but the 
medical major at the first post declares it is impossible. 
He has to sign the proposition for the citation." 

"I didn't carry anybody. I couldn't move." 

"That doesn't matter," said Rinaldi. 

He took off his gloves. 

"I think we can get you the silver. Didn't you re- 
fuse to be medically aided before the others?" 

"Not very firmly." 

"That doesn't matter. Look how you are wounded. 
Look at your valorous conduct in asking to go always 
to the first line. Besides, the operation was successful." 

"Did they cross the river all right?" 

"Enormously. They take nearly a thousand pris- 
oners. It's in the bulletin. Didn't you see it?" 

"No." 

"I'll bring it to you. It is a successful coup de main." 

"How is everything?" 

"Splendid. We are all splendid. Everybody is proud 
of you. Tell me just exactly how it happened. I am 
positive you will get the silver. Go on tell me. Tell me 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 69 

all about it." He paused and thought. "Maybe you will 
get an English medal too. There was an English there. 
I'll go and see him and ask if he will recommend you. 
He ought to be able to do something. Do you suffer 
much? Have a drink. Orderly, go get a corkscrew. 
Oh you should see what I did in the removal of three 
metres of small intestine and better now than ever. It 
is one for The Lancet. You do me a translation and I 
will send it to The Lancet. Every day I am better. 
Poor dear baby, how do you feel ? Where is that damn 
corkscrew ? You are so brave and quiet I forget you are 
suffering." He slapped his gloves on the edge of the 
bed. 

"Here is the corkscrew, Signor Tenente," the order- 
ly said. 

"Open the bottle. Bring a glass. Drink that, baby. 
How is your poor head ? I looked at your papers. You 
haven't any fracture. That major at the first post was 
a hog-butcher. I would take you and never hurt you. 
I never hurt anybody. I learn how to do it. Every 
day I learn to do things smoother and better. You 
must forgive me for talking so much, baby. I am very 
moved to see you badly wounded. There, drink that. 
It's good. It cost fifteen lire. It ought to be good. 
Five stars. After I leave here I'll go see that English 
and he'll get you an English medal." 

"They don't give them like that." 

"You are so modest. I will send the liaison officer. 
He can handle the English." 

"Have you seen Miss Barkley?" 

"I will bring her here. I will go now and bring her 
here." 

"Don't go," I said. "Tell me about Gorizia. How 
are the girls?" 



70 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

"There are no girls. For two weeks now they haven't 
changed them. I don't go there any more. It is dis- 
graceful. They aren't girls; they are old war com- 
rades/' 

"You don't go at all?" 

"I just go to see if there is anything new. I stop 
by. They all ask for you. It is a disgrace that they 
should stay so long that they become friends." 

"Maybe girls don't want to go to the front any more." 

"Of course they do. They have plenty of girls. It is 
just bad administration. They are keeping them for the 
pleasure of dugout hiders in the rear." 

"Poor Rinaldi," I said. "All alone at the war with 
no new girls." 

Rinaldi poured himself another glass of the cognac. 

"I don't think it will hurt you, baby. You take it." 

I drank the cognac and felt it warm all the way 
down. Rinaldi poured another glass. He was quieter 
now. He held up the glass. "To your valorous wounds. 
To the silver medal. Tell me, baby, when you lie here 
all the time in the hot weather don't you get excited ?" 

"Sometimes." 

"I can't imagine lying like that. I would go crazy." 

"You are crazy." 

"I wish you were back. No one to come in at night 
from adventures. No one to make fun of. No one to 
lend me money. No blood brother and roommate. 
Why do you get yourself wounded?" 

"You can make fun of the priest." 

"That priest. It isn't me that makes fun of him. It 
is the captain. I like him. If you must have a priest 
have that priest. He's coming to see you. He makes 
big preparations." 

"I like him." 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 71 

"Oh, I knew it. Sometimes I think you and he are 
a little that way. You know." 

"No, you don't." 

"Yes, I do sometimes. A little that way like the num- 
ber of the first regiment of the Brigata Ancona." 

"Oh, go to hell." 

He stood up and put on his gloves. 

"Oh I love to tease you, baby. With your priest and 
your English girl, and really you are just like me under- 
neath." 

"No, I'm not." 

"Yes, we are. You are really an Italian. All fire and 
smoke and nothing inside. You only pretend to be 
American. We are brothers and we love each other." 

"Be good while I'm gone," I said. 

"I will send Miss Barkley. You are better with her 
without me. You are purer and sweeter." 

"Oh, go to hell." 

"I will send her. Your lovely cool goddess. English 
goddess. My God what would a man do with a woman 
like that except worship her ? What else is an English- 
woman good for ?" 

"You are an ignorant foul-mouthed dago." 

"A what?" 

"An ignorant wop." 

"Wop. You are a frozen-faced . . . wop." 

"You are ignorant. Stupid." I saw that word 
pricked him and kept on. "Uninformed. Inexperi- 
enced, stupid from inexperience." 

"Truly? I tell you something about your good wo- 
men. Your goddesses. There is only one difference be- 
tween taking a girl who has always been good and a 
woman. With a girl it is painful. That's all I know." 



72 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

He slapped the bed with his glove. "And you never 
know if the girl will really like it" 

"Don't get angry." 

"I'm not angry. I just tell you, baby, for your own 
good. To save you trouble." 

"That's the only difference?" 

"Yes. But millions of fools like you don't know it." 

"You were sweet to tell me." 

"We won't quarrel, baby. I love you too much. But 
don't be a fool." 

"No. I'll be wise like you." 

"Don't be angry, baby. Laugh. Take a drink. I 
must go, really." 

"You're a good old boy." 

"Now you see. Underneath we are the same. We 
are war brothers. Kiss me good-by." 

"You're sloppy." 

"No. I am just more affectionate." 

I felt his breath come toward me. "Good-by. I 
come to see you again soon." His breath went away. 
"I won't kiss you if you don't want. I'll send your 
English girl. Good-by, baby. The cognac is under the 
bed. Get well soon." 

He was gone. 



CHAPTER XI 

It was dusk when the priest came. They had brought 
the soup and afterward taken away the bowls and I was 
lying looking at the rows of beds and out the win- 
dow at the tree-top that moved a little in the evening 
breeze. The breeze came in through the window and it 
was cooler with the evening. The flies were on the ceil- 
ing now and on the electric light bulbs that hung on 
wires. The lights were only turned on when some one 
was brought in at night or when something was being 
done. It made me feel very young to have the dark 
come after the dusk and then remain. It was like being 
put to bed after early supper. The orderly came down 
between the beds and stopped. Some one was with him. 
It was the priest. He stood there small, brown-faced, 
and embarrassed. 

"How do you do?" he asked. He put some packages 
down by the bed, on the floor. 

"All right, father." 

He sat down in the chair that had been brought for 
Rinaldi and looked out of the window embarrassedly. 
I noticed his face looked very tired. 

"I can only stay a minute," he said. "It is late." 

"It's not late. How is the mess?" 

He smiled. "I am still a great joke," he sounded 
tired too. "Thank God they are all well." 

"I am so glad you are all right," he said. "I hope 
you don't suffer." He seemed very tired and I was not 
used to seeing him tired. 

"Not any more." 

"I miss you at the mess:" 

73 



74 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

"I wish I were there. I always enjoyed our talk- 
ing." 

"I brought you a few little things/' he said. He 
picked up the packages. "This is mosquito netting. 
This is a bottle of vermouth. You like vermouth? 
These are English papers." 

"Please open them." 

He was pleased and undid them. I held the mosquito 
netting in my hands. The vermouth he held up for me 
to see and then put it on the floor beside the bed. I 
held up one of the sheaf of English papers. I could 
read the headlines by turning it so the half-light from 
the window was on it. It was The News of the World. 

"The others are illustrated," he said. 

"It will be a great happiness to read them. Where 
did you get them?" 

"I sent for them to Mestre. I will have more." 

"You were very good to come, father. Will you 
drink a glass of vermouth?" 

"Thank you. You keep it. It's for you." 

"No, drink a glass." 

"All right. I will bring you more then." 

The orderly brought the glasses and opened the bot- 
tle. He broke off the cork and the end had to be shoved 
down into the bottle. I could see the priest was dis- 
appointed but he said, "That's all right. It's no mat- 
ter." 

"Here's to your health, father." 

"To your better health." 

Afterward he held the glass in his hand and we 
looked at one another. Sometimes we talked and were 
good friends but to-night it was difficult. 

"What's the matter, father? You seem very tired." 

"I am tired but I have no right to be." 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 75 

"It's the heat." 

"No. This is only the Spring. I feel very low." 

"You have the war disgust." 

"No. But I hate the war." 

"I don't enjoy it," I said. He shook his head and 
looked out of the window. 

"You do not mind it. You do not see it. You must 
forgive me. I know you are wounded." 

"That is an accident." 

"Still even wounded you do not see it. I can tell. 
I do not see it myself but I feel it a little." 

"When I was wounded we were talking about it. 
Passini was talking." 

The priest put down the glass. He was thinking 
about something else. 

"I know them because I am like they are," he said. 

"You are different though." 

"But really I am like they are." 

"The officers don't see anything." 

"Some of them do. Some are very delicate and feel 
worse than any of us." 

"They are mostly different." 

"It is not education or money. It is something else. 
Even if they had education or money men like Passini 
would not wish to be officers. I would not be an 
officer." 

"You rank as an officer. I am an officer." 

"I am not really. You are not even an Italian. You 
are a foreigner. But you are nearer the officers than 
you are to the men." 

"What is the difference?" 

"I cannot say it easily. There are people who would 
make war. In this country there are many like that. 
There are other people who would not make war." 



76 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

"But the first ones make them do it." 

"Yes." 

"And I help them." 

"You are a foreigner. You are a patriot." 

"And the ones who would not make war? Can they 
stop it?" 

"I do not know." 

He looked out of the window again. I watched his 
face. 

"Have they ever been able to stop it?" 

"They are not organized to stop things and when 
they get organized their leaders sell them out." 

"Then it's hopeless?" 

"It is never hopeless. But sometimes I cannot hope. 
I try always to hope but sometimes I cannot." 

"Maybe the war will be over." 

"I hope so." 

"What will you do then?" 

"If it is possible I will return to the Abruzzi." 

His brown face was suddenly very happy. 

"You love the Abruzzi !" 

"Yes, I love it very much." 

"You ought to go there then." 

"I would be too happy. If I could live there and 
love God and serve Him." 

"And be respected," I said. 

"Yes and be respected. Why not ?" 

"No reason not. You should be respected." 

"It does not matter. But there in my country it is 
understood that a man may love God. It is not a dirty 
joke." 

"I understand." 

He looked at me and smiled. 

"You understand but you do not love God." 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 77 

"No." 

"You do not love Him at all?" he asked. 

"I am afraid of him in the night sometimes." 

"You should love Him." 

"I don't love much." 

"Yes," he said. "You do. What you tell me about 
in the nights. That is not love. That is only passion 
and lust. When you love you wish to do things for. 
You wish to sacrifice for. You wish to serve." 

"I don't love." 

"You will. I know you will. Then you will be 
happy." 

"I'm happy. I've always been happy." 

"It is another thing. You cannot know about it un- 
less you have it." 

"Well," I said. "If I ever get it I will tell you." 

"I stay too long and talk too much." He was wor- 
ried that he really did. 

"No. Don't go. How about loving women? If I 
really loved some woman would it be like that?" 

"I don't know about that. I never loved any woman." 

"What about your mother?" 

"Yes, I must have loved my mother." 

"Did you always love God?" 

"Ever since I was a little boy." 

"Well," I said. I did not know what to say. "You 
are a fine boy," I said. 

"I am a boy," he said. "But you call me father." 

"That's politeness." 

He smiled. 

"I must go, really," he said. "You do not want me 
for anything?" he asked hopefully. 

"No. Just to talk." 

"I will take your greetings to the mess." 



78 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

'Thank you for the many fine presents." 

"Nothing." 

"Come and see me again." 

"Yes. Good-by," he patted my hand. 

"So long," I said in dialect. 

"Ciaou," he repeated. 

It was dark in the room and the orderly, who had sat 
by the foot of the bed, got up and went out with him. 
I liked him very much and I hoped he would get back 
to the Abruzzi some time. He had a rotten life in the 
mess and he was fine about it but I thought how he 
would be in his own country. At Capracotta, he had 
told me, there were trout in the stream below the town. 
It was forbidden to play the flute at night. When the 
young men serenaded only the flute was forbidden. 
Why, I had asked. Because it was bad for the girls to 
hear the flute at night. The peasants all called you 
"Don" and when you met them they took off their hats. 
His father hunted every day and stopped to eat at the 
houses of peasants. They were always honored. For a 
foreigner to hunt he must present a certificate that he 
had never been arrested. There were bears on the Gran 
Sasso D'ltalia but it was a long way. Aquila was a 
fine town. It was cool in the summer at night and the 
spring in Abruzzi was the most beautiful in Italy. But 
what was lovely was the fall to go hunting through the 
chestnut woods. The birds were all good because they 
fed on grapes and you never took a lunch because the 
peasants were always honored if you would eat with 
them at their houses. After a while I went to sleep. 



CHAPTER XII 

The room was long with windows on the right-hand 
side and a door at the far end that went into the dress- 
ing room. The row of beds that mine was in faced the 
windows and another row, under the windows, faced 
the wall. If you lay on your left side you could see the 
dressing-room door. There was another door at the far 
end that people sometimes came in by. If any one were 
going to die they put a screen around the bed so you 
could not see them die, but only the shoes and puttees 
of doctors and men nurses showed under the bottom of 
the screen and sometimes at the end there would be 
whispering. Then the priest would come out from be- 
hind the screen and afterward the men nurses would go 
back behind the screen to come out again carrying the 
one who was dead with a blanket over him down the 
corridor between the beds and some one folded the 
screen and took it away. 

That morning the major in charge of the ward asked 
me if I felt that I could travel the next day. I said I 
could. He said then they would ship me out early in 
the morning. He said I would be better off making the 
trip now before it got too hot. 

When they lifted you up out of bed to carry you into 
the dressing room you could look out of the window 
and see the new graves in the garden. A soldier sat out- 
side the door that opened onto the garden making 
crosses and painting on them the names, rank, and regi- 
ment of the men who were buried in the garden. He 
also ran errands for the ward and in his spare time 
made me a cigarette lighter out of an empty Austrian 

79 



80 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

rifle cartridge. The doctors were very nice and seemed 
very capable. They were anxious to ship me to Milan 
where there were better X-ray facilities and where, af- 
ter the operation, I could take mechanotherapy. I 
wanted to go to Milan too. They wanted to get us all 
out and back as far as possible because all the beds were 
needed for the offensive, when it should start 

The night before I left the field hospital Rinaldi came 
in to see me with the major from our mess. They said 
that I would go to an American hospital in Milan that 
had just been installed. Some American ambulance 
units were to be sent down and this hospital would look 
after them and any other Americans on service in Italy. 
There were many in the Red Cross. The States had de- 
clared war on Germany but not on Austria. 

The Italians were sure America would declare war on 
Austria too and they were very excited about any 
Americans coming down, even the Red Cross. They 
asked me if I thought President Wilson would declare 
war on Austria and I said it was only a matter of days. 
I did not know what we had against Austria but it 
seemed logical that they should declare war on her if 
they did on Germany. They asked me if we would 
declare war on Turkey. I said that was doubtful. 
Turkey, I said, was our national bird but the joke trans- 
lated so badly and they were so puzzled and suspicious 
that I said yes, we would probably declare war on Tur- 
key. And on Bulgaria? We had drunk several glasses 
of brandy and I said yes by God on Bulgaria too and on 
Japan. But, they said, Japan is an ally of England. 
You can't trust the bloody English. The Japanese want 
Hawaii, I said. Where is Hawaii ? It is in the Pacific 
Ocean. Why do the Japanese want it ? They don't real- 
ly want it, I said. That is all talk. The Japanese are a 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 81 

wonderful little people fond of dancing and light wines. 
Like the French, said the major. We will get Nice and 
Savoia from the French. We will get Corsica and all 
the Adriatic coast-line, Rinaldi said. Italy will return 
to the splendors of Rome, said the major. I don't like 
Rome, I said. It is hot and full of fleas. You don't 
like Rome ? Yes, I love Rome. Rome is the mother of 
nations. I will never forget Romulus suckling the 
Tiber. What ? Nothing. Let's all go to Rome. Let's 
go to Rome to-night and never come back. Rome is a 
beautiful city, said the major. The mother and father 
of nations, I said. Roma is feminine, said Rinaldi. It 
cannot be the father. Who is the father, then, the Holy 
Ghost ? Don't blaspheme. I wasn't blaspheming, I was 
asking for information. You are drunk, baby. Who 
made me drunk? I made you drunk, said the major. 
I made you drunk because I love you and because 
America is in the war. Up to the hilt, I said. You go 
away in the morning, baby, Rinaldi said. To Rome, I 
said. No, to Milan. To Milan, said the major, to the 
Crystal Palace, to the Cova, to Campari's, to Biffi's, to 
the galleria. You lucky boy. To the Gran Italia I said, 
where I will borrow money from George. To the Scala, 
said Rinaldi. You will go to the Scala. Every night, 
I said. You won't be able to afford it every night, said 
the major. 

The tickets are very expensive. I will draw a sight 
draft on my grandfather, I said. A what? A sight 
draft. He has to pay or I go to jail. Mr. Cunningham 
at the bank does it. I live by sight drafts. Can a grand- 
father jail a patriotic grandson who is dying that Italy 
may live ? Live the American Garibaldi, said Rinaldi. 
Viva the sight drafts, I said. We must be quiet, said 
the major. Already we have been asked many times to 



82 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

be quiet. Do you go to-morrow really, Federico ? He 
goes to the American hospital I tell you, Rinaldi said. 
To the beautiful nurses. Not the nurses with beards 
of the field hospital. Yes, yes, said the major, I know 
he goes to the American hospital. I don't mind their 
beards, I said. If any man wants to raise a beard let 
him. Why don't you raise a beard, Signor Maggiore? 
It could not go in a gas mask. Yes it could. Anything 
can go in a gas mask. I've vomited into a gas mask. 
Don't be so loud, baby, Rinaldi said. We all know you 
have been at the front. Oh, you fine baby, what will I 
do while you are gone? We must go, said the major. 
This becomes sentimental. Listen, I have a surprise for 
you. Your English. You know? The English you go 
to see every night at their hospital? She is going to 
Milan too. She goes with another to be at the Ameri- 
can hospital. They had not got nurses yet from Amer- 
ica. I talked to-day with the head of their riparto. 
They have too many women here at the front. They 
send some back. How do you like that, baby? All 
right. Yes ? You go to live in a big city and have your 
English there to cuddle you. Why don't I get wounded ? 
Maybe you will, I said. We must go, said the major. 
We drink and make noise and disturb Federico. Don't 
go. Yes, we must go. Good-by. Good luck. Many 
things. Ciaou. Ciaou. Ciaou. Come back quickly, 
baby. Rinaldi kissed me. You smell of lysol. Good- 
by, baby. Good-by. Many things. The major patted 
my shoulder. They tiptoed out. I found I was quite 
drunk but went to sleep. 

The next day in the morning we left for Milan and 
arrived forty-eight hours later. It was a bad trip. We 
were sidetracked for a long time this side of Mestre 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 83 

and children came and peeked in. I got a little boy to 
go for a bottle of cognac but he came back and said he 
could only get grappa. I told him to get it and when it 
came I gave him the change and the man beside me and 
I got drunk and slept until past Vicenza where I woke 
up and was very sick on the floor. It did not matter 
because the man on that side had been very sick on the 
floor several times before. Afterward I thought I could 
not stand the thirst and in the yards outside of Verona 
I called to a soldier who was walking up and down 
beside the train and he got me a drink of water. I 
woke Georgetti, the other boy who was drunk, and of- 
fered him some water. He said to pour it on his shoul- 
der and went back to sleep. The soldier would not take 
the penny I offered him and brought me a pulpy orange. 
I sucked on that and spit out the pith and watched the 
soldier pass up and down past a freight-car outside and 
after a while the train gave a jerk and started. 



BOOK II 



CHAPTER XIII 

We got into Milan early in the morning and they 
unloaded us in the freight yard. An ambulance took 
me to the American hospital. Riding in the ambulance 
on a stretcher I could not tell what part of town we 
were passing through but when they unloaded the 
stretcher I saw a market-place and an open wine shop 
with a girl sweeping out. They were watering the 
street and it smelled of the early morning. They put 
the stretcher down and went in. The porter came out 
with them. He had gray mustaches, wore a doorman's 
cap and was in his shirt sleeves. The stretcher would 
not go into the elevator and they discussed whether it 
was better to lift me off the stretcher and go up in the 
elevator or carry the stretcher up the stairs. I listened 
to them discussing it. They decided on the elevator. 
They lifted me from the stretcher. "Go easy," I said. 
"Take it softly." 

In the elevator we were crowded and as my legs bent 
the pain was very bad. "Straighten out the legs," I 
said. 

"We can't, Signor Tenente. There isn't room." The 
man who said this had his arm around me and my arm 
was around his neck. His breath came in my face me- 
tallic with garlic and red wine. 

"Be gentle," the other man said. 

"Son of a bitch who isn't gentle !" 

"Be gentle I say," the man with my feet repeated. 

I saw the doors of the elevator closed, and the grill 
shut and the fourth-floor button pushed by the porter. 

87 



88 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

The porter looked worried. The elevator rose slowly. 

"Heavy?" I asked the man with the garlic. 

"Nothing," he said. His face was sweating and he 
grunted. The elevator rose steadily and stopped. The 
man holding the feet opened the door and stepped out. 
We were on a balcony. There were several doors with 
brass knobs. The man carrying the feet pushed a but- 
ton that rang a bell. We heard it inside the doors. No 
one came. Then the porter came up the stairs. 

"Where are they?" the stretcher-bearers asked. 

"I don't know," said the porter. "They sleep down 
stairs." 

"Get somebody." 

The porter rang the bell, then knocked on the door, 
then he opened the door and went in. When he came 
back there was an elderly woman wearing glasses with 
him. Her hair was loose and half- falling and she wore 
a nurse's dress. 

"I can't understand," she said. "I can't understand 
Italian." 

"I can speak English," I said. "They want to put me 
somewhere." 

"None of the rooms are ready. There isn't any pa- 
tient expected." She tucked at her hair and looked at 
me near-sightedly. 

"Show them any room where they can put me." 

"I don't know," she said. "There's no patient ex- 
pected. I couldn't put you in just any room." 

"Any room will do," I said. Then to the porter in 
Italian, "Find an empty room." 

"They are all empty," said the porter. "You are the 
first patient." He held his cap in his hand and looked 
at the elderly nurse. 

"For Christ's sweet sake take me to some room." 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 89 

The pain had gone on and 99 with the legs bent and I 
could feel it going in and out of the bone. The porter 
went in the door, followed by the gray-haired woman, 
then came hurrying back. "Follow me," he said. They 
carried me down a long hallway and into a room with 
drawn blinds. It smelled of new furniture. There was 
a bed and a big wardrobe with a mirror. They laid me 
down on the bed. 

"I can't put on sheets/' the woman said. "The sheets 
are locked up." 

I did not speak to her. "There is money in my 
pocket," I said to the porter. "In the buttoned-down 
pocket." The porter took out the money. The two 
stretcher-bearers stood beside the bed holding their 
caps. "Give them five lire apiece and five lire for your- 
self. My papers are in the other pocket You may give 
them to the nurse." 

The stretcher-bearers saluted and said thank you. 
"Good-by," I said. "And many thanks." They saluted 
again and went out. 

"Those papers," I said to the nurse, "describe my 
case and the treatment already given." 

The woman picked them up and looked at them 
through her glasses. There were three papers and they 
were folded. "I don't know what to do," she said. "I 
can't read Italian. I can't do anything without the 
doctor's orders." She commenced to cry and put the 
papers in her apron pocket. "Are you an American?" 
she asked crying. 

"Yes. Please put the papers on the table by the bed." 

It was dim and cool in the room. As I lay on the 
bed I could see the big mirror on the other side of the 
room but could not see what it reflected. The porter 
stood by the bed. He had a nice face and was very 
kind. 



9 o A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

"You can go," I said to him. "You can go too," I 
said to the nurse. "What is your name?" 

"Mrs. Walker." 

"You can go, Mrs. Walker. I think I will go to 
sleep." 

I was alone in the room. It was cool and did not 
smell like a hospital. The mattress was firm and com- 
fortable and I lay without moving, hardly breathing, 
happy in feeling the pain lessen. After a while I wanted 
a drink of water and found the bell on a cord by the 
bed and rang it but nobody came. I went to sleep. 

When I woke I looked around. There was sunlight 
coming in through the shutters. I saw the big armoire, 
the bare walls, and two chairs. My legs in the dirty 
bandages, stuck straight out in the bed. I was careful 
not to move them. I was thirsty and I reached for the 
bell and pushed the button. I heard the door open and 
looked and it was a nurse. She looked young and 
pretty. 

"Good-morning," I said. 

"Good-morning," she said and came over to the bed. 
"We haven't been able to get the doctor. He's gone to 
Lake Como. No one knew there was a patient coming. 
What's wrong with you anyway?" 

"I'm wounded. In the legs and feet and my head 
is hurt." 

"What's your name?" 

"Henry. Frederic Henry." 

"I'll wash you up. But we can't do anything to the 
dressings until the doctor comes." 

"Is Miss Barkley here?" 

"No. There's no one by that name here." 

"Who was the woman who cried when I came in?" 

The nurse laughed. "That's Mrs. Walker. She was 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 91 

on night duty and she'd been asleep. She wasn't ex- 
pecting any one." 

While we were talking she was undressing me, and 
when I was undressed, except for the bandages, she 
washed me, very gently and smoothly. The washing 
felt very good. There was a bandage on my head but 
she washed all around the edge. 

"Where were you wounded?" 

"On the Isonzo north of Plava." 

"Where is that?" 

"North of Gorizia." 

I could see that none of the places meant anything 
to her. 

"Do you have a lot of pain?" 

"No. Not much now." 

She put a thermometer in my mouth. 

"The Italians put it under the arm," I said. 

"Don't talk." 

When she took the thermometer out she read it and 
then shook it. 

"What's the temperature?" 

"You're not supposed to know that" 

"Tell me what it is." 

"It's almost normal." 

"I never have any fever. My legs are full of old iron 
too." 

"What do you mean?" 

"They're full of trench-mortar fragments, old screws 
and bed-springs and things." 

She shook her head and smiled. 

"If you had any foreign bodies in your legs they 
would set up an inflammation and you'd have fever." 

"All right," I said. "We'll see what €omes out." 

She went out of the room and came back with the 



92 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

old nurse of the early morning. Together they made 
the bed with me in it. That was new to me and an 
admirable proceeding. 

"Who is in charge here?" 

"Miss Van Campen." 

"How many nurses are there?" 

"Just us two." 

"Won't there be more?" 

"Some more are coming." 

"When will they get here?" 

"I don't know. You ask a great many questions for 
a sick boy." 

"I'm not sick," I said, "I'm wounded." 

They had finished making the bed and I lay with a 
clean smooth sheet under me and another sheet over 
me. Mrs. Walker went out and came back with a 
pajama jacket. They put that on me and I felt very 
clean and dressed. 

"You're awfully nice to me," I said. The nurse 
called Miss Gage giggled. "Could I have a drink of 
water?" I asked. 

"Certainly. Then you can have breakfast." 

"I don't want breakfast. Can I have the shutters 
opened please?" 

The light had been dim in the room and when the 
shutters were opened it was bright sunlight and I 
looked out on a balcony and beyond were the tile roofs 
of houses and chimneys. I looked out over the tiled 
roofs and saw white clouds and the sky very blue. 

"Don't you know when the other nurses are com- 
ing?" 

"Why? Don't we take good care of you?" 

"You're very nice." 

"Would you like to use the bedpan?" 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 93 

"I might try." 

They helped me and held me up but it was not any 
use. Afterward I lay and looked out the open doors 
onto the balcony. 

"When does the doctor come?" 

"When he gets back. We've tried to telephone to 
Lake Como for him." 

"Aren't there any other doctors?" 

"He's the doctor for the hospital." 

Miss Gage brought a pitcher of water and a glass. I 
drank three glasses and then they left me and I looked 
out the window a while and went back to sleep. I ate 
some lunch and in the afternoon Miss Van Campen, 
the superintendent, came up to see me. She did not 
like me and I did not like her. She was small and 
neatly suspicious and too good for her position. She 
asked many questions and seemed to think it was some- 
what disgraceful that I was with the Italians. 

"Can I have wine with the meals?" I asked her. 

"Only if the doctor prescribes it." 

"I can't have it until he comes?" 

"Absolutely not." 

"You plan on having him come eventually?" 

"We've telephoned him at Lake Como." 

She went out and Miss Gage came back. 

"Why were you rude to Miss Van Campen?" she 
asked after she had done something for me very skil- 
fully. 

"I didn't mean to be. But she was snooty." 

"She said you were domineering and rude." 

"I wasn't. But what's the idea of a hospital with- 
out a doctor?" 

"He's coming. They've telephoned for him to Lake 
Como." 



94 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

"What does he do there? Swim?" 
"No. He has a clinic there." 
"Why don't they get another doctor?" 
"Hush. Hush. Be a good boy and he'll come." 
I sent for the porter and when he came I told him in 
Italian to get me a bottle of Cinzano at the wine shop, 
a fiasco of chianti and the evening papers. He went 
away and brought them wrapped in newspaper, un- 
wrapped them and, when I asked him to, drew the corks 
and put the wine and vermouth under the bed. They 
left me alone and I lay in bed and read the papers 
awhile, the news from the front, and the list of dead 
officers with their decorations and then reached down 
and brought up the bottle of Cinzano and held it 
straight up on my stomach, the cool glass against my 
stomach, and took little drinks making rings on my 
stomach from holding the bottle there between drinks, 
and watched it get dark outside over the roofs of the 
town. The swallows circled around and I watched them 
and the night-hawks flying above the roofs and drank 
the Cinzano. Miss Gage brought up a glass with some 
egg-nog in it. I lowered the vermouth bottle to the 
other side of the bed when she came in. 

"Miss Van Campen had some sherry put in this," 
she said. "You shouldn't be rude to her. She's not 
young and this hospital is a big responsibility for her. 
Mrs. Walker's too old and she's no use to her." 

"She's a splendid woman," I said. "Thank her very 
much." 

"I'm going to bring your supper right away." 
"That's all right," I said. "I'm not hungry." 
When she brought the tray and put it on the bed 
table I thanked her and ate a little of the supper. After- 
ward it was dark outside and I could see the beams of 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 95 

the search-lights moving in the sky. I watched for a 
while and then went to sleep. I slept heavily except 
once I woke sweating and scared and then went back 
to sleep trying to stay outside of my dream. I woke 
for good long before it was light and heard roosters 
crowing and stayed on awake until it began to be light. 
I was tired and once it was really light I went back to 
sleep again. 



CHAPTER XIV 

It was bright sunlight in the room when I woke. I 
thought I was back at the front and stretched out in 
bed. My legs hurt me and I looked down at them still 
in the dirty bandages, and seeing them knew where I 
was. I reached up for the bell-cord and pushed the 
button. I heard it buzz down the hall and then some 
one coming on rubber soles along the hall. It was Miss 
Gage and she looked a little older in the bright sun- 
light and not so pretty. 

"Good morning," she said. "Did you have a good 
night ?" 

"Yes. Thanks very much," I said. "Can I have a 
barber?" 

"I came in to see you and you were asleep with this 
in the bed with you." 

She opened the armoire door and held up the ver- 
mouth bottle. It was nearly empty. "I put the other 
bottle from under the bed in there too," she said. 
"Why didn't you ask me for a glass?" 

"I thought maybe you wouldn't let me have it." 

"I'd have had some with you." 

"You're a fine girl." 

"It isn't good for you to drink alone," she said. 
"You mustn't do it." 

"All right." 

"Your friend Miss Barkley's come," she said. 

"Really?" 

"Yes. I don't like her." 

"You will like her. She's awfully nice." 
96 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 97 

She shook her head. "I'm sure she's fine. Can you 
move just a little to this side? That's fine. I'll clean 
you up for breakfast." She washed me with a cloth 
and soap and warm water. "Hold your shoulder up," 
she said. "That's fine." 

"Can I have the barber before breakfast?" 

"I'll send the porter for him." She went out and 
came back. "He's gone for him," she said and dipped 
the cloth she held in the basin of water. 

The barber came with the porter. He was a man of 
about fifty with an upturned mustache. Miss Gage 
was finished with me and went out and the barber 
lathered my face and shaved. He was very solemn and 
refrained from talking. 

"What's the matter ? Don't you know any news ?" I 
asked. 

"What news?" 

"Any news. What's happened in the town?" 

"It is time of war," he said. "The enemy's ears are 
everywhere." 

I looked up at him. "Please hold your face still," he 
said and went on shaving. "I will tell nothing." 

"What's the matter with you?" I asked. 

"I am an Italian. I will not communicate with the 
enemy." 

I let it go at that. If he was crazy, the sooner I could 
get out from under the razor the better. Once I tried 
to get a good look at him. "Beware," he said. "The 
razor is sharp." 

I paid him when it was over and tipped him half a 
lira. He returned the coins. 

"I will not I am not at the front. But I am an 
Italian." 

"Get the hell out of here." 



98 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

"With your permission," he said and wrapped his 
razors in newspaper. He went out leaving the five 
copper coins on the table beside the bed. I rang the 
bell. Miss Gage came in. "Would you ask the porter 
to come please?" 

"All right." 

The porter came in. He was trying to keep from 
laughing. 

"Is that barber crazy?" 

"No, signorino. He made a mistake. He doesn't 
understand very well and he thought I said you were 
an Austrian officer." 

"Oh," I said. 

"Ho ho ho," the porter laughed. "He was funny. 
One move from you he said and he would have — " he 
drew his forefinger across his throat. 

"Ho ho ho," he tried to keep from laughing. 
"When I tell him you were not an Austrian. Ho ho 
ho." 

"Ho ho ho," I said bitterly. "How funny if he 
would cut my throat. Ho ho ho." 

"No, signorino. No, no. He was so frightened of 
an Austrian. Ho ho ho." 

"Ho ho ho," I said. "Get out of here." 

He went out and I heard him laughing in the hall. 
I heard some one coming down the hallway. I looked 
toward the door. It was Catherine Barkley. 

She came in the room and over to the bed. 

"Hello, darling," she said. She looked fresh and 
young and very beautiful. I thought I had never seen 
any one so beautiful. 

"Hello," I said. When I saw her I was in love with 
her. Everything turned over inside of me. She 
looked toward the door, saw there was no one, then she 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 99 

sat on the side of the bed and leaned over and kissed 
me. I pulled her down and kissed her and felt her 
heart beating. 

"You sweet," I said. "Weren't you wonderful to 
come here?" 

"It wasn't very hard. It may be hard to stay." 
"You've got to stay," I said. "Oh, you're wonder- 
ful." I was crazy about her. I could not believe she 
was really there and held her tight to me. 

"You mustn't," she said. "You're not well enough." 

"Yes, I am. Come on." 

"No. You're not strong enough." 

"Yes. I am. Yes. Please." 

"You do love me?" 

"I really love you. I'm crazy about you. Come on 
please." 

"Feel our hearts beating." 

"I don't care about our hearts. I want you. I'm 
just mad about you." 

"You really love me?" 

"Don't keep on saying that. Come on. Please. 
Please, Catherine." 

"All right but only for a minute." 

"All right," I said. "Shut the door." 

"You can't. You shouldn't." 

"Come on. Don't talk. Please come on." 

Catherine sat in a chair by the bed. The door was 

open into the hall. The wildness was gone and I felt 

finer than I had ever felt. 

She asked, "Now do you believe I love you ?" 
"Oh, you're lovely," I said. "You've got to stay. 

They can't send you away. I'm crazy in love with 

you." 



ioo A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

"We'll have to be awfully careful. That was just 
madness. We can't do that." 

"We can at night." 

"We'll have to be awfully careful. You'll have to be 
careful in front of other people." 

"I will." 

"You'll have to be. You're sweet. You do love me, 
don't you?" 

"Don't say that again. You don't know what that 
does to me." 

"I'll be careful then. I don't want to do anything 
more to you. I have to go now, darling, really." 

"Come back right away." 

"I'll come when I can." 

"Good-by." 

"Good-by, sweet." 

She went out. God knows I had not wanted to fall 
in love with her. I had not wanted to fall in love with 
any one. But God knows I had and I lay on the bed 
in the room of the hospital in Milan and all sorts of 
things went through my head but I felt wonderful and 
finally Miss Gage came in. 

"The doctor's coming," she said. "He telephoned 
from Lake Como." 

"When does he get here?" 

"He'll be here this afternoon." 






CHAPTER XV 

Nothing happened until afternoon. The doctor 
was a thin quiet little man who seemed disturbed by 
the war. He took out a number of small steel splinters 
from my thighs with delicate and refined distaste. He 
used a local anaesthetic called something or other "snow," 
which froze the tissue and avoided pain until the probe, 
the scalpel or the forceps got below the frozen portion. 
The anaesthetized area was clearly defined by the pa- 
tient and after a time the doctor's fragile delicacy was 
exhausted and he said it would be better to have an 
X-ray. Probing was unsatisfactory, he said. 

The X-ray was taken at the Ospedale Maggiore and 
the doctor who did it was excitable, efficient and cheer- 
ful. It was arranged by holding up the shoulders, that 
the patient should see personally some of the larger 
foreign bodies through the machine. The plates were 
to be sent over. The doctor requested me to write in 
his pocket notebook, my name, and regiment and some 
sentiment. He declared that the foreign bodies were 
ugly, nasty, brutal. The Austrians were sons of bitches. 
How many had I killed? I had not killed any but I 
was anxious to please — and I said I had killed plenty. 
Miss Gage was with me and the doctor put his arm 
around her and said she was more beautiful than Cleo- 
patra. Did she understand that? Cleopatra the for- 
mer queen of Egypt. Yes, by God she was. We re- 
turned to the little hospital in the ambulance and after 
a while and much lifting I was upstairs and in bed 
again. The plates came that afternoon, the doctor had 
said by God he would have them that afternoon and he 



102 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

did. Catherine Barkley showed them to me. They 
were in red envelopes and she took them out of the en- 
velopes and held them up to the light and we both 
looked. 

"That's your right leg," she said, then put the plate 
back in the envelope. "This is your left." 

"Put them away," I said, "and come over to the 
bed." 

"I can't," she said. "I just brought them in for a 
second to show you." 

She went out and I lay there. It was a hot after- 
noon and I was sick of lying in bed. I sent the porter 
for the papers, all the papers he could get. 

Before he came back three doctors came into the room. 
I have noticed that doctors who fail in the practice of 
medicine have a tendency to seek one another's com- 
pany and aid in consultation. A doctor who cannot 
take out your appendix properly will recommend to 
you a doctor who will be unable to remove your tonsils 
with success. These were three such doctors. 

"This is the young man," said the house doctor with 
the delicate hands. 

"How do you do?" said the tall gaunt doctor with 
the beard. The third doctor, who carried the X-ray 
plates in their red envelopes, said nothing. 

"Remove the dressings?" questioned the bearded 
doctor. 

"Certainly. Remove the dressings, please, nurse," 
the house doctor said to Miss Gage. Miss Gage re- 
moved the dressings. I looked down at the legs. At 
the field hospital they had the look of not too freshly 
ground hamburger steak. Now they were crusted and 
the knee was swollen and discolored and the calf 
sunken but there was no pus. 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 103 

"Very clean/' said the house doctor. "Very clean 
and nice." 

"Urn," said the doctor with the beard. The third 
doctor looked over the house doctor's shoulder. 

"Please move the knee," said the bearded doctor. 

"I can't." 

"Test the articulation?" the bearded doctor ques- 
tioned. He had a stripe beside the three stars on his 
sleeve. That meant he was a first captain. 

"Certainly," the house doctor said. Two of them 
took hold of my right leg very gingerly and bent it. 

"That hurts," I said. 

"Yes. Yes. A little further, doctor." 

"That's enough. That's as far as it goes," I said. 

"Partial articulation," said the first captain. He 
straightened up. "May I see the plates again, please, 
doctor?" The third doctor handed him one of the 
plates. "No. The left leg, please." 

"That is the left leg, doctor." 

"You are right. I was looking from a different an- 
gle." He returned the plate. The other plate he exam- 
ined for some time. "You see, doctor?" he pointed to 
one of the foreign bodies which showed spherical and 
clear against the light. They examined the plate for 
some time. 

"Only one thing I can say," the first captain with the 
beard said. "It is a question of time. Three months, 
six months probably." 

"Certainly the synovial fluid must re-form." 

"Certainly. It is a question of time. I could not 
conscientiously open a knee like that before the projec- 
tile was encysted." 

"I agree with you, doctor." 

"Six months for what?" I asked. 



io 4 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

"Six months for the projectile to encyst before the 
knee can be opened safely." 

"I don't believe it," I said. 

"Do you want to keep your knee, young man?" 

"No," I said. 

"What?" 

"I want it cut off," I said, "so I can wear a hook on 
it." 

"What do you mean? A hook?" 

"He is joking," said the house doctor. He patted 
my shoulder very delicately. "He wants to keep his 
knee. This is a very brave young man. He has been 
proposed for the silver medal of valor." 

"All my felicitations," said the first captain. He 
shook my hand. "I can only say that to be on the safe 
side you should wait at least six months before open- 
ing such a knee. You are welcome of course to an- 
other opinion." 

"Thank you very much," I said. "I value your 
opinion." 

The first captain looked at his watch. 

"We must go," he said. "All my best wishes." 

"All my best wishes and many thanks," I said. I 
shook hands with the third doctor, "Capitano Varini — 
Tenente Enry," and they all three went out of the room. 

"Miss Gage," I called. She came in. "Please ask 
the house doctor to come back a minute." 

He came in holding his cap and stood by the bed. 
"Did you wish to see me?" 

"Yes. I can't wait six months to be operated on. 
My God, doctor, did you ever stay in bed six months?" 

"You won't be in bed all the time. You must first 
have the wounds exposed to the sun. Then afterward 
you can be on crutches." 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 105 

"For six months and then have an operation?''' 

"That is the safe way. The foreign bodies must be 
allowed to encyst and the synovial fluid will re-form. 
Then it will be safe to open up the knee." 

"Do you really think yourself I will have to wait 
that long?" 

"That is the safe way." 

"Who is that first captain?" 

"He is a very excellent surgeon of Milan." 

"He's a first captain, isn't he?" 

"Yes, but he is an excellent surgeon." 

"I don't want my leg fooled with by a first captain. 
If he was any good he would be made a major. I 
know what a first captain is, doctor." 

"He is an excellent surgeon and I would rather have 
his judgment than any surgeon I know." 

"Could another surgeon see it?" 

"Certainly if you wish. But I would take Dr. Va- 
rella's opinion myself." 

"Could you ask another surgeon to come and see 
it?" 

"I will ask Valentini to come." 

"Who is he?" 

"He is a surgeon of the Ospedale Maggiore." 

"Good. I appreciate it very much. You understand, 
doctor, I couldn't stay in bed six months." 

"You would not be in bed. You would first take a 
sun cure. Then you could have light exercise. Then 
when it was encysted we would operate." 

"But I can't wait six months." 

The doctor spread his delicate fingers on the cap he 
held and smiled. "You are in such a hurry to get back 
to the front?" 

"Why not?" 



106 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

"It is very beautiful," he said. "You are a noble 
young man." He stooped over and kissed me very del- 
icately on the forehead. "I will send for Valentini. 
Do not worry and excite yourself. Be a good boy." 

"Will you have a drink?" I asked. 

"No thank you. I never drink alcohol." 

"Just have one." I rang for the porter to bring 
glasses. 

"No. No thank you. They are waiting for me." 

"Good-by," I said. 

"Good-by." 

Two hours later Dr. Valentini came into the room. 
He was in a great hurry and the points of his mustache 
stood straight up. He was a major, his face was 
tanned and he laughed all the time. 

"How did you do it, this rotten thing?" he asked. 
"Let me see the plates. Yes. Yes. That's it. You look 
healthy as a goat. Who's the pretty girl? Is she your 
girl? I thought so. Isn't this a bloody war? How 
does that feel ? You are a fine boy. I'll make you bet- 
ter than new. Does that hurt? You bet it hurts. 
How they love to hurt you, these doctors. What have 
they done for you so far ? Can't that girl talk Italian ? 
She should learn. What a lovely girl. I could teach 
her. I will be a patient here myself. No, but I will do 
all your maternity work free. Does she understand 
that ? She will make you a fine boy. A fine blonde like 
she is. That's fine. That's all right. What a lovely 
girl. Ask her if she eats supper with me. No I won't 
take her away from you. Thank you. Thank you very 
much, Miss. That's all." 

"That's all I want to know." He patted me on the 
shoulder. "Leave the dressings off." 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 107 

" Will you have a drink, Dr. Valentini ?" 
"A drink? Certainly. I will have ten drinks. 
Where are they?" 

"In the armoire. Miss Barkley will get the bottle." 
"Cheery oh. Cheery oh to you, Miss. What a 
lovely girl. I will bring you better cognac than that." 
He wiped his mustache. 

"When do you think it can be operated on?" 
"To-morrow morning. Not before. Your stomach 
must be emptied. You must be washed out. I will see 
the old lady downstairs and leave instructions. Good- 
by. I see you to-morrow. I'll bring you better cognac 
than that. You are very comfortable here. Good-by. 
Until to-morrow. Get a good sleep. I'll see you 
early." He waved from the doorway, his mustaches 
went straight up, his brown face was smiling. There 
was a star in a box on his sleeve because he was a 
major. 



CHAPTER XVI 

That night a bat flew into the room through the 
open door that led onto the balcony and through which 
we watched the night over the roofs of the town. It 
was dark in our room except for the small light of the 
night over the town and the bat was not frightened but 
hunted in the room as though he had been outside. We 
lay and watched him and I do not think he saw us be- 
cause we lay so still. After he went out we saw a 
searchlight come on and watched the beam move across 
the sky and then go off and it was dark again. A 
breeze came in the night and we heard the men of the 
anti-aircraft gun on the next roof talking. It was cool 
and they were putting on their capes. I worried in 
the night about some one coming up but Catherine said 
they were all asleep. Once in the night we went to 
sleep and when I woke she was not there but I heard 
her coming along the hall and the door opened and she 
came back to the bed and said it was all right she had 
been downstairs and they were all asleep. She had 
been outside Miss Van Campen's door and heard her 
breathing in her sleep. She brought crackers and we 
ate them and drank some vermouth. We were very 
hungry but she said that would all have to be gotten 
out of me in the morning. I went to sleep again in the 
morning when it was light and when I was awake I 
found she was gone again. She came in looking fresh 
and lovely and sat on the bed and the sun rose while I 
had the thermometer in my mouth and we smelled the 
dew on the roofs and then the coffee of the men at the 
gun on the next roof. 

108 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 109 

"I wish we could go for a walk," Catherine said. 
"I'd wheel you if we had a chair." 

"How would I get into the chair?" 

"We'd do it." 

"We could go out to the park and have breakfast 
outdoors." I looked out the open doorway. 

"What we'll really do," she said, "is get you ready 
for your friend Dr. Valentini." 

"I thought he was grand." 

"I didn't like him as much as you did. But I imag- 
ine he's very good." 

"Come back to bed, Catherine. Please," I said. 

"I can't. Didn't we have a lovely night?" 

"And can you be on night duty to-night?" 

"I probably will. But you won't want me." 

"Yes, I will." 

"No, you won't. You've never been operated on. 
You don't know how you'll be." 

"I'll be all right." 

"You'll be sick and I won't be anything to you." 

"Come back then now." 

"No," she said. "I have to do the chart, darling, 
and fix you up." 

"You don't really love me or you'd come back 
again." 

"You're such a silly boy." She kissed me. "That's 
all right for the chart. Your temperature's always nor- 
mal. You've such a lovely temperature." 

"You've got a lovely everything." 

"Oh no. You have the lovely temperature. I'm aw- 
fully proud of your temperature." 

"Maybeall our children will have fine temperatures." 

"Our children will probably have beastly tempera- 
tures." 



no A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

"What do you have to do to get me ready for Valen- 
tin! ?" 

"Not much. But quite unpleasant." 

"I wish you didn't have to do it." 

"I don't. I don't want any one else to touch you. 
I'm silly. I get furious if they touch you." 

"Even Ferguson?" 

"Especially Ferguson and Gage and the other, 
what's her name?" 

"Walker?" 

"That's it. They've too many nurses here now. 
There must be some more patients or they'll send us 
away. They have four nurses now." 

"Perhaps there'll be some. They need that many 
nurses. It's quite a big hospital." 

"I hope some will come. What would I do if they 
sent me away? They will unless there are more pa- 
tients." 

"I'd go too." 

"Don't be silly. You can't go yet. But get well 
quickly, darling, and we will go somewhere." 

"And then what?" 

"Maybe the war will be over. It can't always go 
on." 

"I'll get well," I said. "Valentini will fix me." 

"He should with those mustaches. And, darling, 
when you're going under the ether just think about 
something else — not us. Because people get very 
blabby under an anaesthetic." 

"What should I think about?" 

"Anything. Anything but us. Think about your 
people. Or even any other girl." 

"No." 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS in 

"Say your prayers then. That ought to create a 
splendid impression." 

"Maybe I won't talk." 

"That's true. Often people don't talk." 

"I won't talk." 

"Don't brag, darling. Please don't brag. You're so 
sweet and you don't have to brag." 

"I won't talk a word." 

"Now you're bragging, darling. You know you 
don't need to brag. Just start your prayers or poetry or 
something when they tell you to breathe deeply. You'll 
be lovely that way and I'll be so proud of you. I'm 
very proud of you anyway. You have such a lovely 
temperature and you sleep like a little boy with your 
arm around the pillow and think it's me. Or is it some 
other girl? Some fine Italian girl?" 

"It's you." 

"Of course it's me. Oh I do love you and Valen- 
tini will make you a fine leg. I'm glad I don't have to 
watch it." 

"And you'll be on night duty to-night." 

"Yes. But you won't care." 

"You wait and see." 

"There, darling. Now you're all clean inside and 
out. Tell me. How many people have you ever 
loved?" 

"Nobody." 

"Not me even?" 

"Yes, you." 

"How many others really?" 

"None." 

"How many have you — how do you say it? — stayed 
with?" 

"None." 



ii2 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

"You're lying to me." 

"Yes." 

"It's all right. Keep right on lying to me. That's 
what I want you to do. Were they pretty ?" 

"I never stayed with any one." 

"That's right. Were they very attractive?" 

"I don't know anything about it." 

"You're just mine. That's true and you've never be- 
longed to any one else. But I don't care if you have. 
I'm not afraid of them. But don't tell me about them. 
When a man stays with a girl when does she say how 
much it costs ?" 

"I don't know." 

"Of course not Does she say she loves him? Tell 
me that I want to know that." 

"Yes. If he wants her to." 

"Does he say he loves her ? Tell me please. It's im- 
portant." 

"He does if he wants to." 

"But you never did ? Really ?" 

"No." 

"Not really. Tell me the truth?" 

"No," I lied. 

"You wouldn't," she said. "I knew you wouldn't. 
Oh, I love you, darling." 

Outside the sun was up over the roofs and I could 
see the points of the cathedral with the sunlight on 
them. I was clean inside and outside and waiting for 
the doctor. 

"And that's it?" Catherine said. "She says just 
what he wants her to?" 

"Not always." 

"But I will. I'll say just what you wish and I'll do 
what you wish and then you will never want any other 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 113 

girls, will you?" She looked at me very happily. "I'll 
do what you want and say what you want and then I'll 
be a great success, won't I?" 

"Yes." 

"What would you like me to do now that you're all 
ready?" 

"Come to the bed again." 

"All right. I'll come." 

"Oh, darling, darling, darling," I said. 

"You see," she said. "I do anything you want." 

"You're so lovely." 

"I'm afraid I'm not very good at it yet." 

"You're lovely." 

"I want what you want. There isn't any me any 
more. Just what you want." 

"You sweet." 

"I'm good. Aren't I good? You don't want any 
other girls, do you?" 

"No." 

"You see? I'm good. I do what you want." 



CHAPTER XVII 

When I was awake after the operation I had not 
been away. You do not go away. They only choke 
you. It is not like dying it is just a chemical choking 
so you do not feel, and afterward you might as well 
have been drunk except that when you throw up noth- 
ing comes but bile and you do not feel better after- 
ward. I saw sandbags at the end of the bed. They 
were on pipes that came out of the cast. After a while 
I saw Miss Gage and she said, "How is it now?" 

"Better," I said. 

"He did a wonderful job on your knee." 

"How long did it take ?" 

"Two hours and a half." 

"Did I say anything silly?" 

"Not a thing. Don't talk. Just be quiet." 

I was sick and Catherine was right. It did not make 
any difference who was on night duty. 

There were three other patients in the hospital now, 
a thin boy in the Red Cross from Georgia with mala- 
ria, a nice boy, also thin, from New York, with mala- 
ria and jaundice, and a fine boy who had tried to un- 
screw the fuse-cap from a combination shrapnel and 
high explosive shell for a souvenir. This was a shrap- 
nel shell used by the Austrians in the mountains with a 
nose-cap which went on after the burst and exploded 
on contact. 

Catherine Barkley was greatly liked by the nurses 
because she would do night duty indefinitely. She had 
quite a little work with the malaria people, the boy who 

114 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 115 

had unscrewed the nose-cap was a friend of ours and 
never rang at night, unless it was necessary but be- 
tween the times of working we were together. I loved 
her very much and she loved me. I slept in the day- 
time and we wrote notes during the day when we were 
awake and sent them by Ferguson. Ferguson was a 
fine girl. I never learned anything about her except 
that she had a brother in the Fifty-Second Division 
and a brother in Mesopotamia and she was very good 
to Catherine Barkley. 

"Will you come to our wedding, Fergy?" I said to 
her once. 

"You'll never get married." 

"We will." 

"No you won't." 

"Why not?" 

"You'll fight before you'll marry." 

"We never fight." 

"You've time yet." 

"We don't fight." 

"You'll die then. Fight or die. That's what people 
do. They don't marry." 

I reached for her hand. "Don't take hold of me," 
she said. "I'm not crying. Maybe you'll be all right 
you two. But watch out you don't get her in trouble. 
You get her in trouble and I'll kill you." 

"I won't get her in trouble." 

"Well watch out then. I hoge you'll be all right. 
You have a good time." 

"We have a fine time." 

"Don't fight then and don't get her into trouble." 
1 won t. 

"Mind you watch out. I don't want her with any of 
these war babies." 



n6 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

"You're a fine girl, Fergy." 

"I'm not. Don't try to flatter me. How does your 
leg feel?" 

"Fine." 

"How is your head?" She touched the top of it 
with her fingers. It was sensitive like a foot that had 
gone to sleep. "It's never bothered me." 

"A bump like that could make you crazy. It never 
bothers you?" 

"No." 

"You're a lucky young man. Have you the letter 
done? I'm going down." 

"It's here," I said. 

"You ought to ask her not to do night duty for a 
while. She's getting very tired." 

"All right. I will." 

"I want to do it but she won't let me. The others 
are glad to let her have it. You might give her just a 
little rest." 

"All right." 

"Miss Van Campen spoke about you sleeping all the 
forenoons." 

"She would." 

"It would be better if you let her stay off nights a 
little while." 

"I want her to." 

"You do not. But if you would make her I'd re- 
spect you for it." 

"I'll make her." 

"I don't believe it." She took the note and went out. 
I rang the bell and in a little while Miss Gage came in. 

"What's the matter?" 

"I just wanted to talk to you. Don't you think Miss 
Barkley ought to go off night duty for a while? She 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 117 

looks awfully tired. Why does she stay on so long?" 

Miss Gage looked at me. 

"I'm a friend of yours," she said. "You don't have 
to talk to me like that." 

"What do you mean?" 

"Don't be silly. Was that all you wanted?" 

"Do you want a vermouth?" 

"All right. Then I have to go." She got out the 
bottle from the armoire and brought a glass. 

"You take the glass," I said. 'Til drink out of the 
bottle." 

"Here's to you," said Miss Gage. 

"What did Van Campen say about me sleeping late 
in the mornings?" 

"She just jawed about it. She calls you our priv- 
ileged patient." 

"To hell with her." 

"She isn't mean," Miss Gage said. "She's just old 
and cranky. She never liked you." 

"No." 

"Well, I do. And I'm your friend. Don't forget 
that." 

"You're awfully damned nice." 

"No. I know who you think is nice. But I'm your 
friend. How does your leg feel?" 

"Fine." 

"I'll bring some cold mineral water to pour over it. 
It must itch under the cast. It's hot outside." 

"You're awful nice." 

"Does it itch much?" 

"No. It's fine." 

"I'll fix those sandbags better." She leaned over. 
"I'm your friend." 

"I know you are." 



n8 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

"No you don't. But you will some day." 
Catherine Barkley took three nights off night duty 
and then she came back on again. It was as though we 
met again after each of us had been away on a long 
journey. 



CHAPTER XVIII 

We had a lovely time that summer. When I could 
go out we rode in a carriage in the park. I remember 
the carriage, the horse going slowly, and up ahead the 
back of the driver with his varnished high hat, and 
Catherine Barkley sitting beside me. If we let our 
hands touch, just the side of my hand touching hers, 
we were excited. Afterward when I could get around 
on crutches we went to dinner at Biffi's or the Gran 
Italia and sat at the tables outside on the floor of the 
galleria. The waiters came in and out and there were 
people going by and candles with shades on the table- 
cloths and after we decided that we liked the Gran 
Italia best, George, the head-waiter, saved us a table. 
He was a fine waiter and we let him order the meal 
while we looked at the people, and the great galleria in 
the dusk, and each other. We drank dry white capri 
iced in a bucket ; although we tried many of the other 
wines, f resa, barbera and the sweet white wines. They 
had no wine waiter because of the war and George 
would smile ashamedly when I asked about wines like 
fresa. 

"If you imagine a country that makes a wine be- 
cause it tastes like strawberries," he said. 

"Why shouldn't it?" Catherine asked. "It sounds 
splendid/ ' 

"You try it, lady," said George, "if you want to. 
But let me bring a little bottle of margaux for the 
Tenente." 

"I'll try it too, George." 
119 



120 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

"Sir, I can't recommend you to. It doesn't even 
taste like strawberries/' 

"It might," said Catherine. "It would be wonderful 
if it did." 

"I'll bring it," said George, "and when the Lady is 
satisfied I'll take it away." 

It was not much of a wine. As he said, it did not 
even taste like strawberries. We went back to capri. 
One evening I was short of money and George loaned 
me a hundred lire. "That's all right, Tenente," he said. 
"I know how it is. I know how a man gets short. If 
you or the lady need money I've always got money." 

After dinner we walked through the galleria, past 
the other restaurants and the shops with their steel 
shutters down, and stopped at the little place where 
they sold sandwiches ; ham and lettuce sandwiches and 
anchovy sandwiches made of very tiny brown glazed 
rolls and only about as long as your finger. They were 
to eat in the night when we were hungry. Then we got 
into an open carriage outside the galleria in front of 
the cathedral and rode to the hospital. At the door of 
the hospital the porter came out to help w r ith the 
crutches. I paid the driver, and then we rode upstairs 
in the elevator. Catherine got off at the lower floor 
where the nurses lived and I went on up and went 
down the hall on crutches to my room ; sometimes I un- 
dressed and got into bed and sometimes I sat out on the 
balcony with my leg up on another chair and watched 
the swallows over the roofs and waited for Catherine. 
When she came upstairs it was as though she had been 
away on a long trip and I went along the hall with her 
on the crutches and carried the basins and waited out- 
side the doors, or went in with her; it depending on 
whether they were friends of ours or not, and when 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 121 

she had done all there was to be done we sat out on the 
balcony outside my room. Afterward I went to bed 
and when they were all asleep and she was sure they 
would not call she came in. I loved to take her hair 
down and she sat on the bed and kept very still, except 
suddenly she would dip down to kiss me while I was 
doing it, and I would take out the pins and lay them 
on the sheet and it would be loose and I would watch 
her while she kept very still and then take out the last 
two pins and it would all come down and she would 
drop her head and we would both be inside of it, and it 
was the feeling of inside a tent or behind a falls. 

She had wonderfully beautiful hair and I would lie 
sometimes and watch her twisting it up in the light that 
came in the open door and it shone even in the night as 
water shines sometimes just before it is really daylight. 
She had a lovely face and body and lovely smooth skin 
too. We would be lying together and I would touch 
her cheeks and her forehead and under her eyes and 
her chin and throat with the tips of my fingers and say, 
"Smooth as piano keys," and she would stroke my chin 
with her finger and say, "Smooth as emery paper and 
very hard on piano keys." 

"Is it rough?" 

"No, darling. I was just making fun of you." 

It was lovely in the nights and if we could only 
touch each other we were happy. Besides all the big 
times we had many small ways of making love and we 
tried putting thoughts in the other one's head while we 
were in different rooms. It seemed to work sometimes 
but that was probably because we were thinking the 
same thing anyway. 

We said to each other that we were married the first 
day she had come to the hospital and we counted 



122 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

months from our wedding day. I wanted to be really 
married but Catherine said that if we were they would 
send her away and if we merely started on the for- 
malities they would watch her and would break us up. 
We would have to be married under Italian law and 
the formalities were terrific. I wanted us to be married 
really because I worried about having a child if I 
thought about it, but we pretended to ourselves we were 
married and did not worry much and I suppose I en- 
joyed not being married, really. I know one night we 
talked about it and Catherine said, "But, darling, 
they'd send me away." 

"Maybe they wouldn't." 

"They would. They'd send me home and then we 
would be apart until after the war." 

"I'd come on leave." 

"You couldn't get to Scotland and back on a leave. 
Besides, I won't leave you. What good would it do to 
marry now? We're really married. I couldn't be any 
more married." 

"I only wanted to for you." 

"There isn't any me. I'm you. Don't make up a 
separate me." 

"I thought girls always wanted to be married." 

"They do. But, darling, I am married. I'm married 
to you. Don't I make you a good wife?" 

"You're a lovely wife." 

"You see, darling, I had one experience of waiting 
to be married." 

"I don't want to hear about it." 

"You know I don't love any one but you. You 
shouldn't mind because some one else loved me." 

"I do." 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 123 

"You shouldn't be jealous of some one who's dead 
when you have every thing.' ' | 

"No, but I don't want to hear about it." 

"Poor darling. And I know you've been with all 
kinds of girls and it doesn't matter to me." 

"Couldn't we be married privately some way? Then 
if anything happened to me or if you had a child." 

"There's no way to be married except by church or 
state. We are married privately. You see, darling, it 
would mean everything to me if I had any religion. 
But I haven't any religion." 

"You gave me the Saint Anthony." 

"That was for luck. Some one gave it to me." 

"Then nothing worries you?" 

"Only being sent away from you. You're my re- 
ligion. You're all I've got." 

"All right. But I'll marry you the day you say." 

"Don't talk as though you had to make an honest 
woman of me, darling. I'm a very honest woman. You 
can't be ashamed of something if you're only happy 
and proud of it. Aren't you happy?" 

"But you won't ever leave me for some one else." 

"No, darling. I won't ever leave you for some one 
else. I suppose all sorts of dreadful things will happen 
to us. But you don't have to worry about that." 

"I don't. But I love you so much and you did love 
some one else before." 

"And what happened to him?" 

"He died." 

"Yes and if he hadn't I wouldn't have met you. I'm 
not unfaithful, darling. I've plenty of faults but I'm 
very faithful. You'll be sick of me I'll be so faithful." 

"I'll have to go back to the front pretty soon." 

"We won't think about that until you go. You see 



12 4 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

I'm happy, darling, and we have a lovely time. I 
haven't been happy for a long time and when I met you 
perhaps I was nearly crazy. Perhaps I was crazy. But 
now we're happy and we love each other. Do let's 
please just be happy. You are happy, aren't you? Is 
there anything I do you don't like ? Can I do anything 
to please you? Would you like me to take down my 
hair? Do you want to play?" 

"Yes and come to bed." 

"All right. I'll go and see the patients first" 



CHAPTER XIX 

The summer went that way. I do not remember 
much about the days, except that they were hot and 
that there were many victories in the papers. I was 
very healthy and my legs healed quickly so that it 
was not very long after I was first on crutches be- 
fore I was through with them and walking with a cane. 
Then I started treatments at the Ospedale Maggiore 
for bending the knees, mechanical treatments, baking 
in a box of mirrors with violet rays, massage, and 
baths. I went over there afternoons and afterward 
stopped at the cafe and had a drink and read the papers. 
I did not roam around the town; but wanted to get 
home to the hospital from the cafe. All I wanted was to 
see Catherine. The rest of the time I was glad to kill. 
Mostly I slept in the mornings, and in the afternoons, 
sometimes, I went to the races, and late to the mech- 
anotherapy treatments. Sometimes I stopped in at 
the Anglo-American Club and sat in a deep leather- 
cushioned chair in front of the window and read the 
magazines. They would not let us go out together 
when I was off crutches because it was unseemly for 
a nurse to be seen unchaperoned with a patient who did 
not look as though he needed attendance, so we were 
not together much in the afternoons. Although some- 
times we could go out to dinner if Ferguson went 
along. Miss Van Campen had accepted the status that 
we were great friends because she got a great amount 
of work out of Catherine. She thought Catherine 
came from very good people and that prejudiced her 
in her favor finally. Miss Van Campen admired fam- 

125 



126 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

ily very much and came from an excellent family her- 
self. The hospital was quite busy, too, and that kept 
her occupied. It was a hot summer and I knew many 
people in Milan but always was anxious to get back 
home to the hospital as soon as the afternoon was over. 
At the front they were advancing on the Carso, they 
had taken Kuk across from Plava and were taking the 
Bainsizza plateau. The West front did not sound so 
good. It looked as though the war were going on for 
a long time. We were in the war now but I thought it 
would take a year to get any great amount of troops 
over and train them for combat. Next year would be 
a bad year, or a good year maybe. The Italians were 
using up an awful amount of men. I did not see how 
it could go on. Even if they took all the Bainsizza and 
Monte San Gabriele there were plenty of mountains 
beyond for the Austrians. I had seen them. All the 
highest mountains were beyond. On the Carso they 
were going forward but there were marshes and 
swamps down by the sea. Napoleon would have 
whipped the Austrians on the plains. He never would 
have fought them in the mountains. He would have 
let them come down and whipped them around Verona. 
Still nobody was whipping any one on the Western 
front. Perhaps wars weren't won any more. Maybe 
they went on forever. Maybe it was another Hundred 
Years' War. I put the paper back on the rack and left 
the club. I went down the steps carefully and walked 
up the Via Manzoni. Outside the Gran Hotel I met 
old Meyers and his wife getting out of a carriage. They 
were coming back from the races. She was a big- 
busted woman in black satin. He was short and old, 
with a white mustache and walked flat-footed with a 
cane. 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 127 

"How do you do? How do you do?" She shook 
hands. "Hello/' said Meyers. 

"How were the races ?" 

"Fine. They were just lovely. I had three winners." 

"How did you do?" I asked Meyers. 

"All right. I had a winner." 

"I never know how he does," Mrs. Meyers said. 
"He never tells me." 

"I do all right," Meyers said. He was being cordial. 
"You ought to come out." While he talked you had the 
impression that he was not looking at you or that he 
mistook you for some one else. 

"I will," I said. 

"I'm coming up to the hospital to see you," Mrs. 
Meyers said. "I have some things for my boys. You're 
all my boys. You certainly are my dear boys." 

"They'll be glad to see you." 

"Those dear boys. You too. You're one of my 
boys." 

"I have to get back," I said. 

"You give my love to all those dear boys. I've got 
lots of things to bring. Fve some fine Marsala and 
cakes." 

"Good-by," I said. "They'll be awfully glad to see 
you." 

"Good-by," said Meyers. "You come around to the 
galleria. You know where my table is. We're all there 
every afternoon." I went on up the street. I wanted 
to buy something at the Cova to take to Catherine. In- 
side, at the Cova, I bought a box of chocolate and while, 
the girl wrapped it up I walked over to the bar. There 
were a couple of British and some aviators. I had a 
martini alone, paid for it, picked up the box of choco- 
late at the outside counter and walked on home toward 



128 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

the hospital. Outside the little bar up the street from 
the Scala there were some people I knew, a vice-con- 
sul, two fellows who studied singing, and Ettore Moretti, 
an Italian from San Francisco who was in the Italian 
army. I had a drink with them. One of the singers 
was named Ralph Simmons, and he was singing under 
the name of Enrico DelCredo. I never knew how well 
he could sing but he was always on the point of some- 
thing very big happening. He was fat and looked 
shopworn around the nose and mouth as though he 
had hay fever. He had come back from singing in 
Piacenza. He had sung Tosca and it had been won- 
derful. 

"Of course youVe never heard me sing," he said. 

"When will you sing here?" 

'Til be at the Scala in the fall." 

'Til bet they throw the benches at you," Ettore said. 
"Did you hear how they threw the benches at him in 
Modena?" 

"It's a damned lie." 

"They threw the benches at him," Ettore said. "I 
was there. I threw six benches myself." 

"You're just a wop from Frisco." 

"He can't pronounce Italian," Ettore said. "Every- 
where he goes they throw the benches at him." 

"Piacenza's the toughest house to sing in the north 
of Italy," the other tenor said. "Believe me that's a 
tough little house to sing." This tenor's name was Ed- 
gar Saunders, and he sang under the name of Edouardo 
Giovanni. 

"I'd like to be there to see them throw the benches at 
you," Ettore said. "You can't sing Italian." 

"He's a nut," said Edgar Saunders. "All he knows 
how to say is throw benches." 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 129 

"That's all they know how to do when you two 
sing," Ettore said. "Then when you go to America 
you'll tell about your triumphs at the Scala. They 
wouldn't let you get by the first note at the Scala." 

"I'll sing at the Scala," Simmons said. "I'm going 
to sing Tosca in October." 

"We'll go, won't we, Mac?" Ettore said to the vice- 
consul. "They'll need somebody to protect them." 

"Maybe the American army will be there to protect 
them," the vice-consul said. "Do you want another 
drink, Simmons? You want a drink, Saunders?" 

"All right," said Saunders. 

"I hear you're going to get the silver medal," Ettore 
said to me. "What kind of citation you going to get?" 

"I don't know. I don't know I'm going to get it" 

"You're going to get it. Oh boy, the girls at the 
Cova will think you're fine then. They'll all think you 
killed two hundred Austrians or captured a whole 
trench by yourself. Believe me, I got to work for my 
decorations." 

"How many have you got, Ettore?" asked the vice- 
consul. 

"He's got everything," Simmons said. "He's the 
boy they're running the war for." 

"I've got the bronze twice and three silver medals," 
said Ettore. "But the papers on only one have come 
through." 

"What's the matter with the others?" asked Sim- 
mons. 

"The action wasn't successful," said Ettore. "When 
the action isn't successful they hold up all the medals." 

"How many times have you been wounded, Ettore ?" 

"Three times bad. I got three wound stripes. See?" 



130 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

He pulled his sleeve around. The stripes were parallel 
silver lines on a black background sewed to the cloth 
of the sleeve about eight inches below the shoulder. 

"You got one too," Ettore said to me. "Believe me 
they're fine to have. I'd rather have them than medals. 
Believe me, boy, when you get three you've got some- 
thing. You only get one for a wound that puts you 
three months in the hospital." 

"Where were you wounded, Ettore?" asked the vice- 
consul. 

Ettore pulled up his sleeve. "Here," he showed the 
deep smooth red scar. "Here on my leg. I can't show 
you that because I got puttees on; and in the foot. 
There's dead bone in my foot that stinks right now. 
Every morning I take new little pieces out and it stinks 
all the time." 

"What hit you?" asked Simmons. 

"A hand-grenade. One of those potato mashers. It 
just blew the whole side of my foot off. You know 
those potato mashers?" He turned to me. 

"Sure." 

"I saw the son of a bitch throw it," Ettore said. "It 
knocked me down and I thought I was dead all right 
but those damn potato mashers haven't got anything 
in them. I shot the son of a bitch with my rifle. I al- 
ways carry a rifle so they can't tell I'm an officer." 

"How did he look?" asked Simmons. 

"That was the only one he had," Ettore said. "I 
don't know why he threw it. I guess he always wanted 
to throw one. He never saw any real fighting probably. 
I shot the son of a bitch all right." 

"How did he look when you shot him?" Simmons 
asked. 

"Hell, how should I know," said Ettore. "I shot him 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 131 

in the belly. I was afraid I'd miss him if I shot him 
in the head." 

"How long have you been an officer, Ettore?" I 
asked. 

'Two years. I'm going to be a captain. How long 
have you been a lieutenant?" 

"Going on three years." 

"You can't be a captain because you don't know the 
Italian language well enough," Ettore said. "You can 
talk but you can't read and write well enough. You 
got to have an education to be a captain. Why don't 
you go in the American army?" 

"Maybe I will." 

"I wish to God I could. Oh, boy, how much does a 
captain get, Mac?" 

"I don't know exactly. Around two hundred and 
fifty dollars, I think." 

"Jesus Christ what I could do with two hundred 
and fifty dollars. You better get in the American army 
quick, Fred. See if you can't get me in." 

"All right." 

"I can command a company in Italian I could learn 
it in English easy." 

"You'd be a general," said Simmons. 

"No, I don't know enough to be a general. A gen- 
eral's got to know a hell of a lot. You guys think there 
ain't anything to war. You ain't got brains enough to 
be a second-class corporal." 

"Thank God I don't have to be," Simmons said. 

"Maybe you will if they round up all you slackers. 
Oh, boy, I'd like to have you two in my platoon. Mac 
too. I'd make you my orderly, Mac." 

"You're a great boy, Ettore," Mac said. "But I'm 
afraid you're a militarist." 



132 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

'Til be a colonel before the war's over/' Ettore said. 

"If they don't kill you." 

"They won't kill me." He touched the stars at his 
collar with his thumb and forefinger. "See me do that? 
We always touch our stars if anybody mentions get- 
ting killed." 

"Let's go, Sim," said Saunders standing up. 

"All right." 

"So long," I said. "I have to go too." It was a 
quarter to six by the clock inside the bar. "Ciaou, Et- 
tore." 

"Ciaou, Fred," said Ettore. "That's pretty fine 
you're going to get the silver medal." 

"I don't know I'll get it." 

"You'll get' it all right, Fred. I heard you were go- 
ing to get it all right." 

"Well, so long," I said. "Keep out of trouble, Et- 
tore." 

"Don't worry about me. I don't drink and I don't 
run around. I'm no boozer and whorehound. I know 
what's good for me." 

"So long," I said. "I'm glad you're going to be pro- 
moted captain." 

"I don't have to wait to be promoted. I'm going to 
be a captain for merit of war. You know. Three stars 
with the crossed swords and crown above. That's me." 

"Good luck." 

"Good luck. When you going back to the front?" 

"Pretty soon." 

"Well, I'll see you around." 

"So long." 

"So long. Don't take any bad nickels." 

I walked on down a back street that led to a cross- 
cut to the hospital. Ettore was twenty-three. He had 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 133 

been brought up by an uncle in San Francisco and was 
visiting his father and mother in Torino when war was 
declared. He had a sister, who had been sent to Amer- 
ica with him at the same time to live with the uncle, 
who would graduate from normal school this year. 
He was a legitimate hero who bored every one he met. 
Catherine could not stand him. 

"We have heroes too," she said. "But usually, dar- 
ling, they're much quieter." 

"I don't mind him." 

"I wouldn't mind him if he wasn't so conceited and 
didn't bore me, and bore me, and bore me." 

"He bores me." 

"You're sweet to say so, darling. But you don't 
need to. You can picture him at the front and you 
know he's useful but he's so much the type of boy I 
don't care for." 

"I know." 

"You're awfully sweet to know, and I try and like 
him but he's a dreadful, dreadful boy really." 

"He said this afternoon he was going to be a cap- 
tain." 

"I'm glad," said Catherine. "That should please 
him." 

"Wouldn't you like me to have some more exalted 
rank?" 

"No, darling. I only want you to have enough rank 
so that we're admitted to the better restaurants." 

"That's just the rank I have." 

"You have a splendid rank. I don't want you to 
have any more rank. It might go to your head. Oh, 
darling, I'm awfully glad you're not conceited. I'd 
have married you even if you were conceited but it's 
very restful to have a husband who's not conceited." 



134 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

We were talking softly out on the balcony. The 
moon was supposed to rise but there was a mist over 
the town and it did not come up and in a little while 
it started to drizzle and we came in. Outside the mist 
turned to rain and in a little while it was raining hard 
and we heard it drumming on the roof. I got up and 
stood at the door to see if it was raining in but it wasn't, 
so I left the door open. 

"Who else did you see?" Catherine asked. 

"Mr. and Mrs. Meyers." 

"They're a strange lot." 

"He's supposed to have been in the penitentiary at 
home. They let him out to die." 

"And he lived happily in Milan forever after." 

"I don't know how happily." 

"Happily enough after jail I should think." 

"She's bringing some things here." 

"She brings splendid things. Were you her dear 
boy?" 

"One of them." 

"You are all her dear boys," Catherine said. "She 
prefers the dear boys. Listen to it rain." 

"It's raining hard." 

"And you'll always love me, won't you?" 

"Yes." 

"And the rain won't make any difference?" 

"No." 

"That's good. Because I'm afraid of the rain." 

"Why?" I was sleepy. Outside the rain was falling 
steadily. 

"I don't know, darling. I've always been afraid of 
the rain." 

"I like it." 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 135 

"I like to walk in it. But it's very hard on loving." 

"I'll love you always." 

"I'll love you in the rain and in the snow and in the 
hail and — what else is there?" 

"I don't know. I guess I'm sleepy." 

"Go to sleep, darling, and I'll love you no matter 
how it is." 

"You're not really afraid of the rain are you?" 

"Not when I'm with you." 

"Why are you afraid of it?" 

"I don't know." 

"Tell me." 

"Don't make me." 

"Tell me." 

"No." 

"Tell me." 

"All right. I'm afraid of the rain because some- 
times I see me dead in it." 

"No." 

"And sometimes I see you dead in it." 

"That's more likely." 

"No it's not, darling. Because I can keep you safe. 
I know I can. But nobody can help themselves." 

"Please stop it. I don't want you to get Scotch and 
crazy to-night. We won't be together much longer." 

"No, but I am Scotch and crazy. But I'll stop it. 
It's all nonsense." 

"Yes it's all nonsense." 

"It's all nonsense. It's only nonsense. Fm not afraid 
of the rain. I'm not afraid of the rain. Oh, oh, God, 
I wish I wasn't." She was crying. I comforted her 
and she stopped crying. But outside it kept on raining. 



CHAPTER XX 

One day in the afternoon we went to the races. Fer- 
guson went too and Crowell Rodgers, the boy who had 
been wounded in the eyes by the explosion of the shell 
nose-cap. The girls dressed to go after lunch while 
Crowell and I sat on the bed in his room and read the 
past performances of the horses and the predictions in 
the racing paper. Crowell's head was bandaged and 
he did not care much about these races but read the rac- 
ing paper constantly and kept track of all the horses for 
something to do. He said the horses were a terrible 
lot but they were all the horses we had. Old Meyers 
liked him and gave him tips. Meyers won on nearly 
every race but disliked to give tips because it brought 
down the prices. The racing was very crooked. Men 
who had been ruled off the turf everywhere else were 
racing in Italy. Meyers' information was good but I 
hated to ask him because sometimes he did not answer, 
and always you could see it hurt him to tell you, but he 
felt obligated to tell us for some reason and he hated 
less to tell Crowell. Crowell's eyes had been hurt, one 
was hurt badly, and Meyers had trouble with his eyes 
and so he liked Crowell. Meyers never told his wife 
what horses he was playing and she won or lost, mostly 
lost, and talked all the time. 

We four drove out to San Siro in an open carriage. 
It was a lovely day and we drove out through the park 
and out along the tramway and out of town where the 
road was dusty. There were villas with iron fences and 
big overgrown gardens and ditches with water flowing 
and green vegetable gardens with dust on the leaves. 

136 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 137 

We could look across the plain and see farmhouses 
and the rich green farms with their irrigation ditches 
and the mountains to the north. There were many car- 
riages going into the race track and the men at the 
gate let us in without cards because we were in uni- 
form. We left the carriage, bought programmes, and 
walked across the infield and then across the smooth 
thick turf of the course to the paddock. The grand 
stands were old and made of wood and the betting 
booths were under the stands and in a row out near the 
stables. There was a crowd of soldiers along the fence 
in the infield. The paddock was fairly well filled with 
people and they were walking the horses around in a 
ring under the trees behind the grand stand. We saw 
people we knew and got chairs for Ferguson and 
Catherine and watched the horses. 

They went around, one after the other, their heads 
down, the grooms leading them. One horse, a purplish 
black, Crowell swore was dyed that color. We 
watched him and it seemed possible. He had only 
come out just before the bell rang to saddle. We looked 
him up in the programme from the number on the 
groom's arm and it was listed a black gelding named 
Japalac. The race was for horses that had never won 
a race worth one thousand lire or more. Catherine 
was sure his color had been changed. Ferguson said 
she could not tell. I thought he looked suspicious. We 
all agreed we ought to back him and pooled one hun- 
dred lire. The odds sheets showed he would pay thirty- 
five to one. Crowell went over and bought the tickets 
while we watched the jockeys ride around once more 
and then go out under the trees to the track and gallop 
slowly up to the turn where the start was to be. 

We went up in the grand-stand to watch the race. 



138 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

They had no elastic barrier at San Siro then and tKi 
starter lined up all the horses, they looked very small 
way up the track, and then sent them off with a crack 
of his long whip. They came past us with the black 
horse well in front and on the turn he was running 
away from the others. I watched them on the far side 
with the glasses and saw the jockey fighting to hold 
him in but he could not hold him and when they came 
around the turn and into the stretch the black horse 
was fifteen lengths ahead of the others. He went way 
on up and around the turn after the finish. 

"Isn't it wonderful," Catherine said. "We'll have 
over three thousand lire. He must be a splendid horse." 

"I hope his color doesn't run," Crowell said, "before 
they pay off." 

"He was really a lovely horse," Catherine said. "I 
wonder if Mr. Meyers backed him." 

"Did you have the winner ?" I called to Meyers. He 
nodded. 

"I didn't," Mrs. Meyers said. "Who did you children 
bet on?" 

"Japalac." 

"Really? He's thirty-five to one!" 

"We liked his color." 

"I didn't. I thought he looked seedy. They told me 
not to back him." 

"He won't pay much," Meyers said. 

"He's marked thirty-five to one in the quotes," I said. 

"He won't pay much. At the last minute," Meyers 
said, "they put a lot of money on him." 

"Who?" 

"Kempton and the boys. You'll see. He won't pay 
two to one." 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 139 

"Then we won't get three thousand lire," Catherine 
said. "I don't like this crooked racing!" 

"We'll get two hundred lire." 

"That's nothing. That doesn't do us any good. I 
thought we were going to get three thousand." 

"It's crooked and disgusting," Ferguson said. 

"Of course," said Catherine, "if it hadn't been 
crooked we'd never have backed him at all. But I 
would have liked the three thousand lire." 

"Let's go down and get a drink and see what they 
pay," Crowell said. We went out to where they posted 
the numbers and the bell rang to pay off and they put 
up 18.50 after Japalac to win. That meant he paid less 
than even money on a ten-lira bet. 

We went to the bar under the grand stand and had 
a whiskey and soda apiece. We ran into a couple of 
Italians we knew and McAdams, the vice-consul, and 
they came up with us when we joined the girls. The 
Italians were full of manners and McAdams talked to 
Catherine while we went down to bet again. Mr. Mey- 
ers was standing near the pari-mutual. 

"Ask him what he played," I said to Crowell. 

"What are you on, Mr. Meyers?" Crowell asked. 
Meyers took out his programme and pointed to the 
number five with his pencil. 

"Do you mind if we play him too?" Crowell asked. 

"Go ahead. Go ahead. But don't tell my wife I 
gave it to you." 

"Will you have a drink?" I asked. 

"No thanks. I never drink." 

We put a hundred lire on number five to win and a 
hundred to place and then had another whiskey and 
soda apiece. I was feeling very good and we picked up 
a couple more Italians, who each had a drink with us, 



i 4 o A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

and went back to the girls. These Italians were also 
very mannered and matched manners with the two we 
had collected before. In a little while no one could sit 
down. I gave the tickets to Catherine. 

"What horse is it?" 

"I don't know. Mr. Meyers' choice." 

"Don't you even know the name?" 

"No. You can find it on the programme. Number 
five I think." 

"You have touching faith," she said. The number 
five won but did not pay anything. Mr. Meyers was 
angry. 

"You have to put up two hundred lire to make 
twenty," he said. "Twelve lire for ten. It's not worth 
it. My wife lost twenty lire." 

"I'll go down with you," Catherine said to me. The 
Italians all stood up. We went downstairs and out to 
the paddock. 

"Do you like this?" Catherine asked. 

"Yes. I guess I do." 

"It's all right, I suppose," she said. "But, darling, I 
can't stand to see so many people." 

"We don't see many." 

"No. But those Meyers and the man from the bank 
with his wife and daughters " 

"He cashes my sight drafts," I said. 

"Yes but some one else would if he didn't. Those 
last four boys were awful." 

"We can stay out here and watch the race from the 
fence." 

"That will be lovely. And, darling, let's back a horse 
we've never heard of and that Mr. Meyers won't be 
backing." 

"All right." 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS i 4 i 

We backed a horse named Light For Me that fin- 
ished fourth in a field of five. We leaned on the fence 
and watched the horses go by, their hoofs thudding as 
they went past, and saw the mountains off in the dis- 
tance and Milan beyond the trees and the fields. 

"I feel so much cleaner/' Catherine said. The horses 
were coming back, through the gate, wet and sweating, 
the jockeys quieting them and riding up to dismount 
under the trees. 

"Wouldn't you like a drink? We could have one out 
here and see the horses.' ' 

'Til get them," I said. 

"The boy will bring them," Catherine said. She put 
her hand up and the boy came out from the Pagoda 
bar beside the stables. We sat down at a round iron 
table. 

"Don't you like it better when we're alone?" 

"Yes," I said. 

"I felt very lonely when they were all there." 

"It's grand here," I said. 

"Yes. It's really a pretty course." 

"It's nice." 

"Don't let me spoil your fun, darling. I'll go back 
whenever you want." 

"No," I said. "We'll stay here and have our drink. 
Then we'll go down and stand at the water jump for 
the steeplechase." 

"You're awfully good to me," she said. 

After we had been alone awhile we were glad to see 
the others again. We had a good time. 



CHAPTER XXI 

In September the first cool nights came, then the 
days were cool and the leaves on the trees in the park 
began to turn color and we knew the summer was gone. 
The fighting at the front went very badly and they 
could not take San Gabriele. The fighting on the Bain- 
sizza plateau was over and by the middle of the month 
the fighting for San Gabriele was about over too. They 
could not take it. Ettore was gone back to the front. 
The horses were gone to Rome and there was no more 
racing. Crowell had gone to Rome too, to be sent back 
to America. There were riots twice in the town against 
the war and bad rioting in Turin. A British major at 
the club told me the Italians had lost one hundred and 
fifty thousand men on the Bainsizza plateau and on 
San Gabriele. He said they had lost forty thousand 
on the Carso besides. We had a drink and he talked. 
He said the fighting was over for the year down here 
and that the Italians had bitten off more than they 
could chew. He said the offensive in Flanders was go- 
ing to the bad. If they killed men as they did this fall 
the Allies would be cooked in another year. He said 
we were all cooked but we were all right as long as we 
did not know it. We were all cooked. The thing was 
not to recognize it. The last country to realize they 
were cooked would win the war. We had another 
drink. Was I on somebody's staff? No. He was. It 
was all balls. We were alone in the club sitting back in 
one of the big leather sofas. His boots were smoothly 
polished dull leather. They were beautiful boots. He 
said it was all balls. They thought only in divisions 

142 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 143 

and man-power. They all squabbled about divisions 
and only killed them when they got them. They were 
all cooked. The Germans won the victories. By God 
they were soldiers. The old Hun was a soldier. But 
they were cooked too. We were all cooked I asked 
about Russia. He said they were cooked already. I'd 
soon see they were cooked. Then the Austrians were 
cooked too. If they got some Hun divisions they could 
do it. Did he think they would attack this fall? Of 
course they would. The Italians were cooked. Every- 
body knew they were cooked. The old Hun would come 
down through the Trentino and cut the railway at Vi- 
cenza and then where would the Italians be? They 
tried that in 'sixteen, I said. Not with Germans. Yes, 
I said. But they probably wouldn't do that, he said. 
It was too simple. They'd try something complicated 
and get royally cooked. I had to go, I said. I had to 
get back to the hospital. "Good-by," he said. Then 
cheerily, "Every sort of luck !" There was a great con- 
trast between his world pessimism and personal cheeri- 
ness. 

I stopped at a barber shop and was shaved and went 
home to the hospital. My leg was as well as it would 
get for a long time. I had been up for examination 
three days before. There were still some treatments to 
take before my course at the Ospedale Maggiore was 
finished and I walked along the side street practising 
not limping. An old man was cutting silhouettes under 
an arcade. I stopped to watch him. Two girls were 
posing and he cut their silhouettes together, snipping 
very fast and looking at them, his head on one side. 
The girls were giggling. He showed me the silhou- 
ettes before he pasted them on white paper and handed 
them to the girls. 



144 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

'They're beautiful," he said. "How about you, 
Tenente ?" 

The girls went away looking at their silhouettes and 
laughing. They were nice-looking girls. One of them 
worked in the wine shop across from the hospital. 

"All right," I said. 

"Take your cap off." 

"No. With it on." 

"It will not be so beautiful," the old man said. "But," 
he brightened, "it will be more military." 

He snipped away at the black paper, then separated 
the two thicknesses and pasted the profiles on a card 
and handed them to me. 

"How much?" 

"That's all right." He waved his hand. "I just made 
them for you." 

"Please." I brought out some coppers. "For plea- 
sure." 

"No. I did them for a pleasure. Give them to your 
girl." 

"Many thanks until we meet." 

"Until I see thee." 

I went on to the hospital. There were some letters, 
an official one, and some others. I was to have three 
weeks' convalescent leave and then return to the front. 
I read it over carefully. Well, that was that. The con- 
valescent leave started October fourth when my course 
was finished. Three weeks was twenty-one days. That 
made October twenty-fifth. I told them I would not 
be in and went to the restaurant a little way up the 
street from the hospital for supper and read my letters 
and the Corriere Delia Sera at the table. There was a 
letter from my grandfather, containing family news, 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 145 

patriotic encouragement, a draft for two hundred dol- 
lars, and a few clippings ; a dull letter from the priest 
at our mess, a letter from a man I knew who was flying 
with the French and had gotten in with a wild gang 
and was telling about it, and a note from Rinaldi ask- 
ing me how long I was going to skulk in Milano and 
what was all the news? He wanted me to bring him 
phonograph records and enclosed a list. I drank a 
small bottle of chianti with the meal, had a coffee after- 
ward with a glass of cognac, finished the paper, put my 
letters in my pocket, left the paper on the table with 
the tip and went out In my room at the hospital I un- 
dressed, put on pajamas and a dressing-gown, pulled 
down the curtains on the door that opened onto the bal- 
cony and sitting up in bed read Boston papers from a 
pile Mrs. Meyers had left for her boys at the hospital. 
The Chicago White Sox were winning the American 
League pennant and the New York Giants were lead- 
ing the National League. Babe Ruth was a pitcher 
then playing for Boston. The papers were dull, the 
news was local and stale, and the war news was all old. 
The American news was all training camps. I was glad 
I wasn't in a training camp. The baseball news was 
all I could read and I did not have the slightest interest 
in it. A number of papers together made it impossible 
to read with interest. It was not very timely but I read 
at it for a while. I wondered if America really got 
into the war, if they would close down the major 
leagues. They probably wouldn't. There was still rac- 
ing in Milan and the war could not be much worse. 
They had stopped racing in France. That was where 
our horse Japalac came from. Catherine was not due 
on duty until nine o'clock. I heard her passing along 
the floor when she first came on duty and once saw her 



146 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

pass in the hall. She went to several other rooms and 
finally came into mine. 

"I'm late, darling/' she said. "There was a lot to do. 
How are you?" 

I told her about my papers and the leave. 

"That's lovely," she said. "Where do you want to 
go?" 

"Nowhere. I want to stay here." 

"That's silly. You pick a place to go and I'll come 
too." 

"How will you work it?" 

"I don't know. But I will." 

"You're pretty wonderful." 

"No I'm not. But life isn't hard to manage when 
you've nothing to lose." 

"How do you mean?" 

"Nothing. I was only thinking how small obstacles 
seemed that once were so big." 

"I should think it might be hard to manage." 

"No it won't, darling. If necessary I'll simply leave. 
But it won't come to that." 

"Where should we go?" 

"I don't care. Anywhere you want. Anywhere we 
don't know people." 

"Don't you care where we go?" 

"No. I'll like any place." 

She seemed upset and taut. 

"What's the matter, Catherine?" 

"Nothing. Nothing's the matter." 

"Yes there is." 

"No nothing. Really nothing." 

"I know there is. Tell me, darling. You can tell 



me. 



It's nothing." 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 147 

"Tell me." 

"I don't want to. I'm afraid I'll make you unhappy 
or worry you." 

"No it won't." 

"You're sure? It doesn't worry me but I'm afraid 
to worry you." 

"It won't if it doesn't worry you." 

"I don't want to tell." 

"Tell it.' 

"Do I have to?" 

"Yes." 

"I'm going to have a baby, darling. It's almost three 
months along. You're not worried, are you? Please 
please don't. You mustn't worry." 

"All right." 

"Is it all right?" 

"Of course." 

"I did everything. I took everything but it didn't 
make any difference." 

"I'm not worried." 

"I couldn't help it, darling, and I haven't worried 
about it. You mustn't worry or feel badly." 

"I only worry about you." 

"That's it. That's what you mustn't do. People 
have babies all the time. Everybody has babies. It's 
a natural thing." 

"You're pretty wonderful." 

"No I'm not. But you mustn't mind, darling. I'll 
try and not make trouble for you. I know I've made 
trouble now. But haven't I been a good girl until now ? 
You never knew it, did you?" 

"No." 

"It will all be like that. You simply mustn't worry. 
I can see you're worrying. Stop it. Stop it right away. 



148 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

Wouldn't you like a drink, darling? I know a drink, 
always makes you feel cheerful." 

"No. I feel cheerful And you're pretty wonder- 
ful." 

"No I'm not. But I'll fix everything to be together 
if you pick out a place for us to go. It ought to be 
lovely in October. We'll have a lovely time, darling, 
and I'll write you every day while you're at the front." 

"Where will you be?" 

"I don't know yet. But somewhere splendid. I'll 
look after all that." 

We were quiet awhile and did not talk. Catherine 
was sitting on the bed and I was looking at her but we 
did not touch each other. We were apart as when some 
one comes into a room and people are self-conscious. 
She put out her hand and took mine. 

"You aren't angry are you, darling?" 

"No." 

"And you don't feel trapped ?" 

"Maybe a little. But not by you." 

"I didn't mean by me. You mustn't be stupid. I 
meant trapped at all." 

"You always feel trapped biologically." 

She went away a long way without stirring or re- 
moving her hand. 

" 'Always' isn't a pretty word." 

"I'm sorry." 

"It's all right. But you see I've never had a baby 
and I've never even loved any one. And I've tried to be 
the way you wanted and then you talk about 'always.' ' 

"I could cut off my tongue," I offered. 

"Oh, darling!" she came back from wherever she 
had been. "You mustn't mind me." We were both to- 
gether again and the self -consciousness was gone. "We 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 149 

really are the same one and we mustn't misunderstand 
on purpose/ ' 

"We won't." 

"But people do. They love each other and they mis- 
understand on purpose and they fight and then sud- 
denly they aren't the same one." 

"We won't fight." 

"We mustn't. Because there's only us two and in 
the world there's all the rest of them. If anything 
comes between us we're gone and then they have us." 

"They won't get us," I said. "Because you're too 
brave. Nothing ever happens to the brave." 

"They die of course." 

"But only once." 

"I don't know. Who said that?" 

"The coward dies a thousand deaths, the brave but 
one?" 

"Of course. Who said it?" 

"I don't know." 

"He was probably a coward," she said. "He knew 
a great deal about cowards but nothing about the brave. 
The brave dies perhaps two thousand deaths if he's in- 
telligent. He simply doesn't mention them." 

"I don't know. It's hard to see inside the head of 
the brave." 

"Yes. That's how they keep that way." 

"You're an authority." 

"You're right, darling. That was deserved." 

"You're brave." 

"No," she said. "But I would like to be." 

"I'm not," I said, "I know where I stand. I've been 
out long enough to know. I'm like a ball-player that 
bats two hundred and thirty and knows he's no better." 



150 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

"What is a ball-player that bats two hundred and 
thirty? Ifs awfully impressive." 

"It's not It means a mediocre hitter in baseball." 

"But still a hitter," she prodded me. 

"I guess we're both conceited," I said. "But you are 
brave." 

"No. But I hope to be." 

"We're both brave," I said. "And I'm very brave 
when I've had a drink." 

"We're splendid people," Catherine said. She went 
over to the armoire and brought me the cognac and a 
glass. "Have a drink, darling," she said. "You've 
been awfully good." 

"I don't really want one." 

"Take one." 

"All right." I poured the water glass a third full 
of cognac and drank it off. 

"That was very big," she said. "I know brandy is 
for heroes. But you shouldn't exaggerate." 

"Where will we live after the war?" 

"In an old people's home probably," she said. "For 
three years I looked forward very childishly to the war 
ending at Christmas. But now I look forward till when 
our son will be a lieutenant commander." 

"Maybe he'll be a general." 

"If it's an hundred years' war he'll have time to try 
both of the services." 

"Don't you want a drink?" 

"No. It always makes you happy, darling, and it 
only makes me dizzy." 

"Didn't you ever drink brandy?" 

"No, darling. I'm a very old-fashioned wife." 

I reached down to the floor for the bottle and poured 
another drink. 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 151 

"I'd better go to have a look at your compatriots/ ' 
Catherine said. "Perhaps you'll read the papers until 
I come back." 

"Do you have to go?" 

"Now or later." 

"All right. Now." 

"Fll come back later." 

"Fll have finished the papers/' I said. 



CHAPTER XXII 

It turned cold that night and the next day it was 
raining. Coming home from the Ospedale Maggiore 
it rained very hard and I was wet when I came in. Up 
in my room the rain was coming down heavily outside 
on the balcony, and the wind blew it against the glass 
doors. I changed my clothing and drank some brandy 
but the brandy did not taste good. I felt sick in the 
night and in the morning after breakfast I was nau- 
seated. 

"There is no doubt about it," the house surgeon said. 
"Look at the whites of his eyes, Miss." 

Miss Gage looked. They had me look in a glass. The 
whites of the eyes were yellow and it was the jaundice. 
I was sick for two weeks with it. For that reason we 
did not spend a convalescent leave together. We had 
planned to go to Pallanza on Lago Maggiore. It is 
nice there in the fall when the leaves turn. There are 
walks you can take and you can troll for trout in the 
lake. It would have been better than Stresa because 
there are fewer people at Pallanza. Stresa is so easy 
to get to from Milan that there are always people you 
know. There is a nice village at Pallanza and you can 
row out to the islands where the fishermen live and 
there is a restaurant on the biggest island. But we 
did not go. 

One day while I was in bed with jaundice Miss Van 
Campen came in the room, opened the door into the 
armoire and saw the empty bottles there. I had sent a 
load of them down by the porter and I believe she must 
have seen them going out and come up to find some 

152 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 153 

more. They were mostly vermouth bottles, marsala bot- 
tles, capri bottles, empty chianti flasks and a few cognac 
bottles. The porter had carried out the large bottles, 
those that had held vermouth, and the straw-covered 
chianti flasks, and left the brandy bottles for the last. 
It was the brandy bottles and a bottle shaped like a bear, 
which had held kummel, that Miss Van Campen found. 
The bear-shaped bottle enraged her particularly. She 
held it up, the bear was sitting up on his haunches with 
his paw r s up, there was a cork in his glass head and a 
few sticky crystals at the bottom. I laughed. 

"It was kummel," I said. "The best kummel comes 
in those bear-shaped bottles. It comes from Russia." 

"Those are all brandy bottles, aren't they?" Miss 
Van Campen asked. 

"I can't see them all," I said. "But they probably 
are. 

"How long has this been going on?" 

"I bought them and brought them in myself," I said. 
"I have had Italian officers visit me frequently and I 
have kept brandy to offer them." 

"You haven't been drinking it yourself?" she said. 

"I have also drunk it myself." 

"Brandy," she said. "Eleven empty bottles of brandy 
and that bear liquid." 

"Kummel." 

"I will send for some one to take them away. Those 
are all the empty bottles you have?" 

"For the moment." 

"And I was pitying you having jaundice. Pity is 
something that is wasted on you." 

"Thank you." 

"I suppose you can't be blamed for not wanting to 
go back to the front. But I should think you would 



154 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

try something more intelligent than producing jaun- 
dice with alcoholism." 

"With what?" 

"With alcoholism. You heard me say it." I did 
not say anything. "Unless you find something else I'm 
afraid you will have to go back to the front when 
you are through with your jaundice. I don't believe 
self-inflicted jaundice entitles you to a convalescent 
leave." 

"You don't?" 

"I do not." 

"Have you ever had jaundice, Miss Van Campen?" 

"No, but I have seen a great deal of it." 

"You noticed how the patients enjoyed it?" 

"I suppose it is better than the front." 

"Miss Van Campen," I said, "did you ever know a 
man who tried to disable himself by kicking himself 
in the scrotum?" 

Miss Van Campen ignored the actual question. She 
had to ignore it or leave the room. She was not ready 
to leave because she had disliked me for a long time 
and she was now cashing in. 

"I have known many men to escape the front through 
self-inflicted wounds." 

"That wasn't the question. I have seen self-inflicted 
wounds also. I asked you if you had ever known a 
man who had tried to disable himself by kicking him- 
self in the scrotum. Because that is the nearest sensa- 
tion to jaundice and it is a sensation that I believe few 
women have ever experienced. That was why I asked 
you if you had ever had the jaundice, Miss Van 
Campen, because — " Miss Van Campen left the room. 
Later Miss Gage came in. 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 155 

"What did you say to Van Campen ? She was furi- 
ous." 

"We were comparing sensations. I was going to 
suggest that she had never experienced childbirth " 

"You're a fool/' Gage said. "She's after your scalp." 

"She has my scalp," I said. "She's lost me my leave 
and she might try and get me court-martialled. She's 
mean enough." 

"She never liked you," Gage said. "What's it 
about?" 

"She says I've drunk myself into jaundice so as 
not to go back to the front." 

"Pooh," said Gage. "I'll swear you've never taken 
a drink. Everybody will swear you've never taken a 
drink." 

"She found the bottles." 

"I've told you a hundred times to clear out those 
bottles. Where are they now?" 

"In the armoire." 

"Have you a suitcase?" 

"No. Put them in that rucksack." 

Miss Gage packed the bottles in the rucksack. "I'll 
give them to the porter," she said. She started for the 
door. 

"Just a minute," Miss Van Campen said. "I'll take 
those bottles." She had the porter with her. "Carry 
them, please," she said. "I want to show them to the 
doctor when I make my report." 

She went down the hall. The porter carried the sack. 
He knew what was in it. 

Nothing happened except that I lost my leave. 



CHAPTER XXIII 

The night I was to return to the front I sent the 
porter down to hold a seat for me on the train when it 
came from Turin. The traij?w T as to leave at midnight. 
It was made up at Turin ailsreached Milan about half- 
past ten at night and lay in the station until time to 
leave. You had to be there when it came in, to get a 
seat. The porter took a friend with him, a machine- 
gunner on leave who worked in a tailor shop, and was 
sure that between them they could hold a place. I gave 
them money for platform tickets and had them take my 
baggage. There was a big rucksack and two musettes. 

I said good-by at the hospital at about five o'clock 
and went out. The porter had my baggage in his lodge 
T told him I would be at the station a little before 
rmuiiight. His wife called me "Signorino" and cried. 
She wiped her eyes and shook hands and then cried 
again. I patted her on the back and she cried once 
more. She had done my mending and was a very short 
dumpy, happy- faced woman with w r hite hair. When she 
cried her whole face went to pieces. I went down to 
the corner where there was a wine shop and waited in- 
side looking out the window. It was dark outside and 
cold and misty. I paid for my coffee and grappa and 
I watched the people going by in the light from the 
window. I saw Catherine and knocked on the window. 
She looked, saw me and smiled, and I went out to meet 
her. She was wearing a dark blue cape and a soft felt 
hat. We walked along together, along the sidewalk 
past the wine shops, then across the market square and 
up the street and through the archway to the cathedral 

156 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 157 

square. There were streetcar tracks and beyond them 
was the cathedral. It was white and wet in the mist. 
We crossed the tram tracks. On our left were the 
shops, their windows lighted, and the entrance to the 
galleria. There was a fog in the square and when we 
came close to the front of the cathedral it was very big 
and the stone was wet. 

" Would you like to go in?" 

"No," Catherine said. We walked along. There was 
a soldier standing with his girl in the shadow of one of 
the stone buttresses ahead of us and we passed them. 
They were standing tight up against the stone and he 
had put his cape around her. 

"They're like us," I said. 

"Nobody is like us," Catherine said. She did not 
mean it happily. 

"I wish they had some place to go." 

"It mightn't do them any good." 

"I don't know. Everybody ought to have some place 
to go." 

"They have the cathedral," Catherine said. We were 
past it now. We crossed the far end of the square and 
looked back at the cathedral. It was fine in the mist. 
We were standing in front of the leather goods shop. 
There were riding boots, a rucksack and ski boots in 
the window. Each article was set apart as an exhibit ; 
the rucksack in the centre, the riding boots on one side 
and the ski boots on the other. The leather was dark 
and oiled smooth as a used saddle. The electric light 
made high lights on the dull oiled leather. 

"We'll ski some time." 

"In two months there will be ski-ing at Murren," 
Catherine said. 

"Let's go there." 




158 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

"All right/' she said. We went on past other win- 
dows and turned down a side street. 

"I've never been this way." 

"This is the way I go to the hospital," I said. It was 
a narrow street and we kept on the right-hand side. 
There were many people passing in the fog. There 
were shops and all the windows were lighted. We 
looked in a window at a pile of cheeses. I stopped in 
front of an armorer's shop. 

"Come in a minute. I have to buy a gun." 

"What sort of gun?" 

"A pistol." We went in and I unbuttoned my belt 
and laid it with the empty holster on the counter. Two 
women were behind the counter. The women brought 
out several pistols. 

"It must fit this," I said, opening the holster. It 
was a gray leather holster and I had bought it second- 
hand to wear in the town. 

"Have they good pistols?" Catherine asked. 

"They're all about the same. Can I try this one?" 
I asked the woman. 

"I have no place now to shoot," she said. "But it 
is very good. You will not make a mistake with it." 

I snapped it and pulled back the action. The spring 
was rather strong but it worked smoothly. I sighted 
it and snapped it again. 

"It is used," the woman said. "It belonged to an of- 
ficer who was an excellent shot." 

"Did you sell it to him?" 

"Yes." 

"How did you get it back?" 

"From his orderly." 

"Maybe you have mine," I said. "How much is 
this?" 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 159 

"Fifty lire. It is very cheap." 

"All right. I want two extra clips and a box of 
cartridges." 

She brought them from under the counter. 

"Have you any need for a sword?" she asked. "I 
have some used swords very cheap." 

"I'm going to the front*" I said. 

"Oh yes, then you won't need a sword," she said. 

I paid for the cartridges and the pistol, filled the 
magazine and put it in place, put the pistol in my empty 
holster, filled the extra clips with cartridges and put 
them in the leather slots on the holster and then buckled 
on my belt The pistol felt heavy on the belt. Still, I 
thought, it was better to have a regulation pistol. You 
could always get shells, 

"Now we're fully armed," I said. "That was the one 
thing I had to remember to do. Some one got my 
other one going to the hospital." 

"I hope it's a good pistol," Catherine said. 

"Was there anything else?" the woman asked. 

"I don't believe so." 

"The pistol has a lanyard," she said. 

"So I noticed." The woman wanted to sell some- 
thing else. 

"You don't need a whistle?" 

"I don't believe so." 

The woman said good-by and we went out onto the 
sidewalk. Catherine looked in the window. The wo- 
man looked out and bowed to us. 

"What are those little mirrors set in wood for?" 

"They're for attracting birds. They twirl them out 
in the field and larks see them and come out and the 
Italians shoot them." 

"They are an ingenious people," Catherine said. 



i6o A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

"You don't shoot larks do you, darling, in America ?" 

"Not especially." 

We crossed the street and started to walk up the 
other side. 

"I feel better now/' Catherine said. "I felt terrible 
when we started." 

"We always feel good when we're together." 

"We always will be together." 

"Yes, except that I'm going away at midnight." 

"Don't think about it, darling." 

We walked on up the street. The fog made the lights 
yellow. 

"Aren't you tired?" Catherine asked. 

"How about you?" 

"I'm all right. It's fun to walk." 

"But let's not do it too long." 

"No." 

We turned down a side street where there were no 
lights and walked in the street. I stopped and kissed 
Catherine. While I kissed her I felt her hand on my 
shoulder. She had pulled my cape around her so it 
covered both of us. We were standing in the street 
against a high wall. 

"Let's go some place," I said. 

"Good," said Catherine. We walked on along the 
street until it came out onto a wider street that was 
beside a canal. On the other side was a brick wall and 
buildings. Ahead, down the street, I saw a street-car 
cross a bridge. 

"We can get a cab up at the bridge," I said. We 
stood on the bridge in the fog waiting for a carriage. 
Several street-cars passed, full of people going home. 
Then a carriage came along but there was some one in 
it. The fog was turning to rain. 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 161 

"We could walk or take a tram," Catherine said. 

"One will be along," I said. "They go by here." 

"Here one comes," she said. 

The driver stopped his horse and lowered the metal 
sign on his meter. The top of the carriage was up and 
there were drops of water on the driver's coat. His 
varnished hat was shining in the wet. We sat back in 
the seat together and the top of the carriage made it 
dark. 

"Where did you tell him to go?" 

"To the station. There's a hotel across from the sta- 
tion where we can go." 

"We can go the way we are? Without luggage?" 

"Yes," I said. 

It was a long ride to the station up side streets in the 
rain. 

"Won't we have dinner?" Catherine asked. "I'm 
afraid I'll be hungry." 

"We'll have it in our room." 

"I haven't anything to wear. I haven't even a night- 
gown." 

"We'll get one," I said and called to the driver. 

"Go to the Via Manzoni and up that." He nodded 
and turned off to the left at the next corner. On the 
big street Catherine watched for a shop. 

"Here's a place," she said. I stopped the driver and 
Catherine got out, walked across the sidewalk and went 
inside. I sat back in the carriage and waited for her. 
It was raining and I could smell the wet street and the 
horse steaming in the rain. She came back with a 
package and got in and we drove on. 

"I was very extravagant, darling," she said, "but it's 
a fine nightgown." 

At the hotel I asked Catherine to wait in the carriage 



162 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

while I went in and spoke to the manager. There were 
plenty of rooms. Then I went out to the carriage, paid 
the driver, and Catherine and I walked in together. 
The small boy in buttons carried the package. The 
manager bowed us toward the elevator. There was 
much red plush and brass. The manager went up in the 
elevator with us. 

"Monsieur and Madame wish dinner in their room?" 

"Yes. Will you have the menu brought up?" I said. 

"You wish something special for dinner. Some 
game or a soufflet?" 

The elevator passed three floors with a click each 
time, then clicked and stopped. 

"What have you as game?" 

"I could get a pheasant, or a woodcock." 

"A woodcock," I said. We walked down the corri- 
dor. The carpet was worn. There were many doors. The 
manager stopped and unlocked a door and opened it. 

"Here you are. A lovely room." 

The small boy in buttons put the package on the table 
in the centre of the room. The manager opened the 
curtains. 

"It is foggy outside," he said. The room was fur- 
nished in red plush. There were many mirrors, two 
chairs and a large bed with a satin coverlet. A door 
led to the bathroom. 

"I will send up the menu," the manager said. He 
bowed and went out. 

I went to the window and looked out, then pulled a 
cord that shut the thick plush curtains. Catherine was 
sitting on the bed, looking at the cut glass chandelier. 
She had taken her hat off and her hair shone under the 
light. She saw herself in one of the mirrors and put 
her hands to her hair. I saw her in three other mir- 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 163 

rors. She did not look happy. She let her cape fall on 
the bed. 

" What's the matter, darling ?" 

"I never felt like a whore before," she said. I went 
over to the window and pulled the curtain aside and 
looked out I had not thought it would be like this. 

"You're not a whore/' 

"I know it, darling. But it isn't nice to feel like one." 
Her voice was dry and flat. 

"This was the best hotel we could get in," I said. I 
looked out the window. Across the square were the 
lights of the station. There were carriages going by 
on the street and I saw the trees in the park. The lights 
from the hotel shone on the wet pavement. Oh, hell, 
I thought, do we have to argue now ? 

"Come over here please," Catherine said. The flat- 
ness was all gone out of her voice. "Come over, please. 
I'm a good girl again." I looked over at the bed. She 
was smiling. 

I went over and sat on the bed beside her and kissed 
her. 

"You're my good girl." 

"I'm certainly yours," she said. 

After we had eaten we felt fine, and then after, we 
felt very happy and in a little time the room felt like 
our own home. My room at the hospital had been our 
own home and this room was our home too in the same 
way. 

Catherine wore my tunic over her shoulders while 
we ate. We were very hungry and the meal was good 
and we drank a bottle of Capri and a bottle of St. 
Estephe. I drank most of it but Catherine drank some 
and it made her feel splendid. For dinner we had a 



164 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

woodcock with souffle potatoes and puree de marron, a 
salad, and zabaione for dessert. 

"It's a fine room," Catherine said. "It's a lovely 
room. We should have stayed here all the time we've 
been in Milan." 

"It's a funny room. But it's nice." 

"Vice is a wonderful thing," Catherine said. "The 
people who go in for it seem to have good taste about 
it. The red plush is really fine. It's just the thing. 
And the mirrors are very attractive." 

"You're a lovely girl." 

"I don't know how a room like this would be for 
waking up in the morning. But it's really a splendid 
room." I poured another glass of St. Estephe. 

"I wish we could do something really sinful," Cath- 
erine said. "Everything we do seems so innocent and 
simple. I can't believe we do anything wrong." 

"You're a grand girl." 

"I only feel hungry. I get terribly hungry." 

"You're a fine simple girl," I said. 

"I am a simple girl. No one ever understood it ex- 
cept you." 

"Once when I first met you I spent an afternoon 
thinking how we would go to the Hotel Cavour to- 
gether and how it would be." 

"That was awfully cheeky of you. This isn't the 
Cavour is it?" 

"No. They wouldn't have taken us in there." 

"They'll take us in some time. But that's how we 
differ, darling. I never thought about anything." 

"Didn't you ever at all?" 

"A little," she said. 

"Oh you're a lovely girl." 

I poured another glass of wine. 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 165 

"I'm a very simple girl," Catherine said. 

"I didn't think so at first. I thought you were a 
crazy girl." 

''I was a little crazy. But I wasn't crazy in any com- 
plicated manner. I didn't confuse you did I, darling?" 

"Wine is a grand thing," I said. "It makes you for- 
get all the bad." 

"It's lovely," said Catherine. "But it's given my fa- 
ther gout very badly." 

"Have you a father?" 

"Yes," said Catherine. "He has gout. You won't 
ever have to meet him. Haven't you a father?" 

"No," I said. "A step-father." 

"Will I like him?" 

"You won't have to meet him." 

"We have such a fine time," Catherine said. "I don't 
take any interest in anything else any more. I'm so 
very happy married to you." 

The waiter came and took away the things. After a 
while we were very still and we could hear the rain. 
Down below on the street a motor car honked. 

" 'But at my back I always hear 

Time's winged chariot hurrying near/ " 

I said. 

"I know that poem," Catherine said. "It's by Marvell. 
But it's about a girl who wouldn't live with a man." 

My head felt very clear and cold and I wanted to 
talk facts. 

"Where will you have the baby?" 

"I don't know. The best place I can find." 

"How will you arrange it?" 

"The best way I can. Don't worry, darling. We 
may have several babies before the war is over." 



1 66 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

"It's nearly time to go." 

"I know. You can make it time if you want." 

"No." 

"Then don't worry, darling. You were fine until now 
and now you're worrying." 

"I won't. How often will you write?" 

"Every day. Do they read your letters?" 

"They can't read English enough to hurt any." 

"I'll make them very confusing," Catherine said. 

"But not too confusing." 

"I'll just make them a little confusing." 

"I'm afraid we have to start to go." 

"All right, darling." 

"I hate to leave our fine house." 

"So do I." 

"But we have to go." 

"AH right. But we're never settled in our home 
very long." 

"We will be." 

"I'll have a fine home for you when you come back." 

"Maybe I'll be back right away." 

"Perhaps you'll be hurt just a little in the foot." 

"Or the lobe of the ear." 

"No I want your ears the way they are." 

"And not my feet?" 

"Your feet have been hit already." 

"We have to go, darling. Really." 

"All right. You go first." 



CHAPTER XXIV 

We walked down the stairs instead of taking the 
elevator. The carpet on the stairs was worn. I had 
paid for the dinner when it came up and the waiter, 
who had brought it, was sitting on a chair near the 
door. He jumped up and bowed and I went with him 
into the side room and paid the bill for the room. The 
manager had remembered me as a friend and refused 
payment in advance but when he retired he had remem- 
bered to have the waiter stationed at the door so that 
I should not get out without paying. I suppose that 
had happened ; even with his friends. One had so many 
friends in a war. 

I asked the waiter to get us a carriage and he took 
Catherine's package that I was carrying and went out 
with an umbrella. Outside through the window we 
saw him crossing the street in the rain. We stood in 
the side room and looked out the window. 

"How do you feel, Cat?" 

"Sleepy." 

"I feel hollow and hungry." 

"Have you anything to eat?" 

"Yes, in my musette." 

I saw the carriage coming. It stopped, the horse's 
head hanging in the rain, and the waiter stepped out, 
opened his umbrella, and came toward the hotel. We 
met him at the door and walked out under the um- 
brella down the wet walk to the carriage at the curb. 
Water was running in the gutter. 

"There is your package on the seat," the waiter said. 
He stood with the umbrella until we were in and I had 
tipped him. 

167 



168 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

"Many thanks. Pleasant journey," he said. The 
coachman lifted the reins and the horse started. The 
waiter turned away under the umbrella and went to- 
ward the hotel. We drove down the street and turned 
to the left, then came around to the right in front of 
the station. There were two carabinieri standing under 
the light just out of the rain. The light shone on their 
hats. The rain was clear and transparent against the 
light from the station. A porter came out from under 
the shelter of the station, his shoulders up against the 
rain. 

"No," I said. "Thanks. I don't need thee." 

He went back under the shelter of the archway. I 
turned to Catherine. Her face was in the shadow from 
the hood of the carriage. 

"We might as well say good-by." 

"I can't go in?" 

"No." 

"Good-by, Cat." 

"Will you tell him the hospital?" 

"Yes." 

I told the driver the address to drive to. He 
nodded. 

"Good-by," I said. "Take good care of yourself and 
young Catherine." 

"Good-by, darling." 

"Good-by," I said. I stepped out into the rain and 
the carriage started. Catherine leaned out and I saw 
her face in the light. She smiled and waved. The 
carriage went up the street, Catherine pointed in to- 
ward the archway. I looked, there were only the two 
carabinieri and the archway. I realized she meant for 
me to get in out of the rain. I went in and stood and 
watched the carriage turn the corner. Then I started 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 169 

through the station and down the runway to the train. 

The porter was on the platform looking for me. I 
followed him into the train, crowding past people and 
along the aisle and in through a door to where the 
machine-gunner sat in the corner of a full compart- 
ment. My rucksack and musettes were above his head 
on the luggage rack. There were many men standing 
in the corridor and the men in the compartment all 
looked at us when we came in. There were not enough 
places in the train and every one was hostile. The ma- 
chine-gunner stood up for me to sit down. Some one 
tapped me on the shoulder. I looked around. It was 
a very tall gaunt captain of artillery with a red scar 
along his jaw. He had looked through the glass on the 
corridor and then come in. 

"What do you say?" I asked. I had turned and 
faced him. He was taller than I and his face was 
very thin under the shadow of his cap-visor and the' 
scar was new and shiny. Every one in the compart- 
ment was looking at me. 

"You can't do that," he said. "You can't have a 
soldier save you a place." 

"I have done it." 

He swallowed and I saw his Adam's apple go up 
and then down. The machine-gunner stood in front of 
the place. Other men looked in through the glass. No 
one in the compartment said anything. 

"You have no right to do that. I was here two hours 
before you came." 

"What do you want?" 

"The seat." 

"So do I." 

I watched his face and could feel the whole com- 
partment against me. I did not blame them. He was 



170 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

in the right. But I wanted the seat. Still no one said 
anything. 

Oh, hell, I thought. 

"Sit down, Signor Capitano," I said. The machine- 
gunner moved out of the way and the tall captain sat 
down. He looked at me. His face seemed hurt. But 
he had the seat "Get my things," I said to the ma- 
chine-gunner. We went out in the corridor. The train 
was full and I knew there was no chance of a place. I 
gave the porter and the machine-gunner ten lire apiece. 
They went down the corridor and outside on the plat- 
form looking in the windows but there were no places. 

"Maybe some will get off at Brescia," the porter 
said. 

"More will get on at Brescia," said the machine- 
gunner. I said good-by to them and we shook hands 
and they left They both felt badly. Inside the train 
we were all standing in the corridor when the train 
started. I watched the lights of the station and the 
yards as we went out. It was still raining and soon the 
windows were wet and you could not see out. Later 
I slept on the floor of the corridor; first putting my 
pocket-book with my money and papers in it inside my 
shirt and trousers so that it was inside the leg of my 
breeches. I slept all night, waking at Brescia and 
Verona when more men got on the train, but going back 
to sleep at once. I had my head on one of the musettes 
and my arms around the other and I could feel the 
pack and they could all walk over me if they wouldn't 
step on me. Men were sleeping on the floor all down 
the corridor. Others stood holding on to the window 
rods or leaning against the doors. That train was al- 
ways crowded. 



BOOK III 



CHAPTER XXV 

Now in the fall the trees were all bare and the roads 
were muddy. I rode to Gorizia from Udine on a 
camion. We passed other camions on the road and I 
looked at the country. The mulberry trees were bare 
and the fields were brown. There were wet dead leaves 
on the road from the rows of bare trees and men were 
working on the road, tamping stone in the ruts from 
piles of crushed stone along the side of the road be- 
tween the trees. We saw the town with a mist over it 
that cut off the mountains. We crossed the river and I 
saw that it was running high. It had been raining in 
the mountains. We came into the town past the fac- 
tories and then the houses and villas and I saw that 
many more houses had been hit On a narrow street we 
passed a British Red Cross ambulance. The driver 
wore a cap and his face was thin and very tanned. I 
did not know him. I got down from the camion in 
the big square in front of the Town Major's house, the 
driver handed down my rucksack and I put it on and 
swung on the two musettes and walked to our villa. It 
did not feel like a homecoming. 

I walked down the damp gravel driveway looking 
at the villa through the trees. The windows were all 
shut but the door was open. I went in and found the 
major sitting at a table in the bare room with maps and 
typed sheets of paper on the wall. 

"Hello," he said. "How are you?" He looked older 
and drier. 

"I'm good," I said. "How is everything?" 

"It's all over," he said. "Take off your kit and sit 
173 



174 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

down." I put my pack and the two musettes on the 
floor and my cap on the pack. I brought the other 
chair over from the wall and sat down by the desk. 

"It's been a bad summer," the major said. "Are you 
strong now ?" 

"Yes." 

"Did you ever get the decorations?" 

"Yes. I got them fine. Thank you very much." 

"Let's see them." 

I opened my cape so he could see the two ribbons. 

"Did you get the boxes with the medals?" 

"No. Just the papers." 

"The boxes will come later. That takes more time." 

"What do you want me to do?" 

"The cars are all away. There are six up north at 
Caporetto. You know Caporetto?" 

"Yes," I said. I remembered it as a little white town 
with a campanile in a valley. It was a clean little town 
and there was a fine fountain in the square. 

"They are working from there. There are many sick 
now. The fighting is over." 

"Where are the others?" 

"There are two up in the mountains and four still 
on the Bainsizza. The other two ambulance sections 
are in the Carso with the third army." 

"What do you wish me to do?" 

"You can go and take over the four cars on the 
Bainsizza if you like. Gino has been up there a long 
time. You haven't seen it up there, have you?" 

"No." 

"It was very bad. We lost three cars." 

"I heard about it." 

"Yes, Rinaldi wrote you." 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 175 

"Where is Rinaldi?" 

"He is here at the hospital. He has had a summer 
and fall of it" 

"I believe it." 

"It has been bad," the major said. "You couldn't 
believe how bad it's been. I've often thought you were 
lucky to be hit when you were." 

"I know I was." 

"Next year will be worse," the major said. "Per- 
haps they will attack now. They say they are to attack 
but I can't believe it. It is too late. You saw the 
river?" 

"Yes. It's high already." 

"I don't believe they will attack now that the rains 
have started. We will have the snow soon. What 
about your countrymen? Will there be other Ameri- 
cans besides yourself?" 

"They are training an army of ten million." 

"I hope we get some of them. But the French will 
hog them all. We'll never get any down here. All 
right. You stay here to-night and go out to-morrow 
with the little car and send Gino back. I'll send some- 
body with you that knows the road. Gino will tell you 
everything. They are shelling quite a little still but it 
is all over. You will want to see the Bainsizza." 

"I'm glad to see it. I am glad to be back with you 
again, Signor Maggiore." 

He smiled. "You are very good to say so. I am 
very tired of this war* If I was away I do not believe 
I would come back." 

"Is it so bad?" 

"Yes. It is so bad and worse. Go get cleaned up 
and find your friend Rinaldi." 

I went out and carried my bags up the stairs. Ri- 



176 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

naldi was not in the room but his things were there and 
I sat down on the bed and unwrapped my puttees and 
took the shoe off my right foot. Then I lay back on the 
bed. I was tired and my right foot hurt. It seemed 
silly to lie on the bed with one shoe off, so I sat up and 
unlaced the other shoe and dropped it on the floor, then 
lay back on the blanket again. The room was stuffy 
with the window closed but I was too tired to get up 
and open it. I saw my things were all in one corner of 
the room. Outside it was getting dark. I lay on the 
bed and thought about Catherine and waited for Ri- 
naldi. I was going to try not to think about Catherine 
except at night before I went to sleep. But now I was 
tired and there was nothing to do, so I lay and thought 
about her. I was thinking about her when Rinaldi 
came in. He looked just the same. Perhaps he was a 
little thinner. 

"Well, baby," he said. I sat up on the bed. He 
came over, sat down and put his arm around me. 
"Good old baby." He whacked me on the back and 
I held both his arms. 

"Old baby," he said. "Let me see your knee." 

"I'll have to take off my pants." 

"Take off your pants, baby. We're all friends here. 
I want to see what kind of a job they did." I stood up, 
took off the breeches and pulled off the knee-brace. 
Rinaldi sat on the floor and bent the knee gently back 
and forth. He ran his finger along the scar; put his 
thumbs together over the kneecap and rocked the knee 
gently with his fingers. 

"Is that all the articulation you have?" 

"Yes." 

"It's a crime to send you back. They ought to get 
complete articulation." 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 177 

"It's a lot better than it was. It was stiff as a 
board." 

Rinaldi bent it more. I watched his hands. He had 
fine surgeon's hands. I looked at the top of his head, 
his hair shiny and parted smoothly. He bent the knee 
too far. 

"Ouch!" I said. 

"You ought to have more treatment on it with the 
machines," Rinaldi said. 

"It's better than it was." 

"I see that, baby. This is something I know more 
about than you." He stood up and sat down on the 
bed. "The knee itself is a good job." He was through 
with the knee. "Tell me all about everything." 

"There's nothing to tell," I said. "I've led a quiet 
life." 

"You act like a married man," he said. "What's the 
matter with you?" 

"Nothing," I said. "What's the matter with you?" 

"This war is killing me," Rinaldi said, "I am very 
depressed by it." He folded his hands over his knee. 

"Oh," I said. 

"What's the matter? Can't I even have human im- 
pulses ?" 

"No. I can see you've been having a fine time. Tell 
me. 

"All summer and all fall I've operated. I work all 
the time. I do everybody's work. All the hard ones 
they leave to me. By God, baby, I am becoming a 
lovely surgeon." 

"That sounds better." 

"I never think. No, by God, I don't think; I oper- 
ate." 

"That's right." 



178 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

"But now, baby, it's all over. I don't operate now 
and I feel like hell. This is a terrible war, baby. You 
believe me when I say it. Now you cheer me up. Did 
you bring the phonograph records ?" 

"Yes," 

They were wrapped in paper in a cardboard box in 
my rucksack. I was too tired to get them out. 

"Don't you feel good yourself, baby?" 

"I feel like hell." 

"This war is terrible," Rinaldi said. "Come on. 
We'll both get drunk and be cheerful. Then we'll go 
get the ashes dragged. Then we'll feel fine." 

"I've had the jaundice," I said, "and I can't get 
drunk." 

"Oh, baby, how you've come back to me. You come 
back serious and with a liver. I tell you this war is a 
bad thing. Why did we make it anyway?" 

"We'll have a drink. I don't want to get drunk but 
we'll have a drink." 

Rinaldi went across the room to the washstand and 
brought back two glasses and a bottle of cognac. 

"It's Austrian cognac," he said. "Seven stars. It's 
all they captured on San Gabriele." 

"Were you up there?" 

"No. I haven't been anywhere. I've been here all 
the time operating. Look, baby, this is your old tooth- 
brushing glass. I kept it all the time to remind me of 
you." 

"To remind you to brush your teeth." 

"No. I have my own too. I kept this to remind 
me of you trying to brush away the Villa Rossa from 
your teeth in the morning, swearing and eating aspi- 
rin and cursing harlots. Every time I see that glass I 
think of you trying to clean your conscience with a 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 179 

toothbrush." He came over to the bed. "Kiss me 
once and tell me you're not serious." 

"I never kiss you. You're an ape." 

"I know, you are the fine good Anglo-Saxon boy. I 
know. You are the remorse boy, I know. I will wait 
till I see the Anglo-Saxon brushing away harlotry 
with a toothbrush." 

"Put some cognac in the glass." 

We touched glasses and drank. Rinaldi laughed at 
me. 

"I will get you drunk and take out your liver and put 
you in a good Italian liver and make you a man 
again." 

I held the glass for some more cognac. It was dark 
outside now. Holding the glass of cognac, I went over 
and opened the window. The rain had stopped falling. 
It was colder outside and there was a mist in the trees. 

"Don't throw the cognac out the window," Rinaldi 
said. "If you can't drink it give it to me." 

"Go something yourself," I said. I was glad to see 
Rinaldi again. He had spent two years teasing me and 
I had always liked it. We understood each other very 
well. 

"Are you married?" he asked from the bed. I was 
standing against the wall by the window. 

"Not yet." 

"Are you in love?" 

"Yes." 

"With that English girl?" 

"Yes." 

"Poor baby. Is she good to you?" 

"Of course." 

"I mean is she good to you practically speaking?" 

"Shut up." 



180 A FAREWELL TO ARMS 

"I will. You will see I am a man of extreme deli- 
cacy. Does she ?" 

"Rinin," I said. "Please shut up. If you want to 
be my friend, shut up." 

"I don't want to be your friend, baby. I am your 
friend." 

"Then shut up." 

"All right." 

I went over to the bed and sat down beside Rinaldi. 
He was holding his glass and looking at the floor. 

"You see how it is, Rinin?" 

"Oh, yes. All my life I encounter sacred subjects. 
But very few with you. I suppose you must have them 
too." He looked at the floor. 

"You haven't any?" 

"No." 

"Not any?" 

"No." 

"I can say this about your mother and that about 
your sister?" 

"And that about your sister/' Rinaldi said swiftly. 
We both laughed. 

"The old superman," I said. 

"I am jealous maybe," Rinaldi said. 

"No, you're not." 

"I don't mean like that. I mean something else. 
Have you any married friends?" 

"Yes," I said. 

"I haven't," Rinaldi said. "Not if they love each 
other." 

"Why not?" 

"They don't like me." 

"Why not?" 



A FAREWELL TO ARMS 181 

"I am the snake. I am the snake of reason." 

"You're getting it mixed. The apple was reason." 

"No, it was the snake." He was more cheerful. 

"You are better when you don't think so deeply," I 
said. 

"I love you, baby," he said. "You puncture me when 
I become a great Italian thinker. But I know many 
things I can't say. I know more than you." 

"Yes. You do." 

"But you will have a better time. Even with re- 
morse you will have a better time." 